Law Court Orders Barrows
Estate Divided Between South
Parish and Bangor Seminary.

An interesting Kennebec county
case, involving an important principle
of law, was decided, Thursday, 1'y the
lav court, when a rescript drawn by
Associate Justice Vlbert K. Savage of
Auburn was handed down in the case
of Thomas J. T,yneh, trustee in equity
vs; South Parish Congregational Pnrish
of Augusta et als.
Hrieilv. the history of this important
ease is as follows: John Harrows, an
old resident of Augusta, died in ixvj.
The hulk of his estate was given to
trustees for the benefit of his adopted
son, Green leaf Harrows, during Pis
lifetime, and was afterwards io be divided
in equal shares between the
South Congregational Satiety of Augusta,
Hallowed Classical and Scientific
Academy of Hallowed and Hanger
Theological Seminary,
c,reunion! Harrows died, recently,
at 1 Hallowed Classical and Scientific
Academy having ceased to operate its
school prior to the death of Oreenlcuf
Harrows, Hon. Thomas J. Lynch,
trustee of the estate, asked for instruction
from the court in regard to
the linal settlement of the estate,
Melvin S. Holway appeared as attorney
tor the complainant in .asking
the construction of the court and Hon.
Joseph W. Spaulding of Huston appeared
for the heirs, while John H.
Madore, Frank (I. Farrington and
Charles L. Andrews appeared as attorneys
for the three ehnritahle instit
ut ions.
j.fter a hearing before Chief Justice
AVhitehouse, tile ease was b.\ consent
of parties reported to the law court,
and was argued at the December term
by Hon Joseph \V. Spaulding, representing
the heirs, and Melvin S. Holway
for the South Congregational
Parish and Bangor 'rheological Seminary.
The r script orders an equal division
of the fund between these two institutions
and gives the fidlest recognition
of the doctrine of "oy pres as
a rule of construction that has ever
been given in Maine. The eftect of
the doctrine of "cy pres" is that if a
bequest is made by will to a public
charitable purpose and the beneficiary
intended is unable to take it and use
it for that purpose the court will designate
another benefiflelary to receive
it to be used for the same public
charitable purpose or one as similar
thereto as can be found. The amount
involved in the ease is J12.000. Following
is' the full text of the resrrip'.
Thomas J. Lynch, "Trustee in Equity
vs. South Congregational Parish r :
Augusta, Pt als. Rescript. by Savage,
J.
\ testator devised the residuum of

his estate in trust. Ho directed the
trustee to pay the income of the trust
fund to i ertain beneficiaries during
life, ,r.d directed that the trust fund
be paid in etittal proixirtions of onethird
each to the South Congregational
Society of Augusta. tile Hallowed
Classical and Scientific Academy of
Hallowed, and tile Hanger Theological
Seminary of Bangor. The South Congregational
I'aiish of Augusta is the
business organization of the South
Congregational Society, The gilt to t!io
Hallowed Academy lias failed through
the inability of that instllutiop to take
the fund and devote it to tile purposes
intended, 'file heirs of he testator
liaim tltis one-third of the fund on
the ground that the Ilallowell Academy
iwcame defunct in the lifetime of
the testator, and that, therefore, the
legacy to .t lapsed. The South Congregational
Parish of Augusta and the
liangor Theological Seminary of H.ingotclaim tliis part of the fund on the
doctrine of ey pr< s.
I'pon a hill by tin trustee for instructions,
it is held: That the burden
is upon the heirs to show that (lie legacy
to Hallowed Academy lapsed in
the lifetime of the testator, and that
the case, as presented to the court,
does not show ii ; that tin doctrine ol
cypres is recognized in this State; that
the doetrin- of ey pres is applicable to
the h-'quest to the Hallowed Academy:
that to apportion the Hallowed Academy
legaev equally between tile South
Congregational Parish of Augusta and
the liangor Theological Seminary will
be to carry out, cv pres, the testator's
intentions.
Ano the trustees is instructed,
1. That the South Congregational
relish of Augusta, by its prudential
committee, is entitled to receive that
portion of the residuary trust fund,
v.h'cb was bequeathed to tho South
Cong rega t ion a 1 Society of Augusta, to
bo used and expended as provided in
the will.
2. That one half of the fund originally
bequeathed t< the* Hallowed
( lassie;-. 1 Academy, be paid by the
trustee to the Bangor Theological
Seminary for the educational uses and
purposes of that institution.
:t. That the remaining half of the
fund originally bequeathed to the Hallowed
Classical and Scientific Academy
be paid h> the trustee to the South
Congregational Parish of Augusta to
be used, appropriated and expended
by it for the benefit of the Congregational
educational institutions, with
the consent and approval of the Maine
Slate Congregational Conference.
Decree below in accordance with the
opinion.

DIES AGAIN EXPLODES.
(
fCnntinued from Page One.)
m'iro, I call attention to H. It. 11 V-1
introduced by Mr. Herder. June k,
Pill. That measure to use its own
words was 'a bill to provide an automobile
for the ofifeial use of the committee
In the District of Columbia
I med not say that Mr Berger was
a member of that committee at tile
time he introduced the bill.
Mr. Merger. I may say. yields to
no man, living or dead, in his desire
to disrupt the constitution and destroy
tin- liberties of the people under a
representative democracy. In Ids desire
for a re-enactment of chaos Mr
Itrger is as earnest, if not as vociferous
as the lion-tamer, who roars
from the peaks of Sagamore Hill."
Contrasting Colonel Roosevelt and
Mr. Bryan. Mr. Dies says the latter
openly .advocated Socialist doctrine,
while the former President professed
in lie opposed to Socialism.
"ltoosevelt seeks to walk in the patli
tlie Caesars trod." lie said. "Mr. Bryan
will he content with a million new subscribers
for iiis paper. Roosevelt wan'
to emulate the bad example of Diaz of
Mexico and break down the ooiistitu
tinnnl barriers against Presidential succession.
Mr. Bryan gives aid and encouragement
to Roosevelt, as against
the Democratic party and for the principles
of Democracy as written In the
constitution, he offers no word of encouragement."
Mr. 1 >ies charged that Mr. Bryan endorsed
Colonel Roosevelt's policies and
condemned .Speaker Clark, Governor
Harmon of Ohio and Representative t'ndei
wood, majority leader in the House.
McCALL MINORITY REPORT.
Covers Democratic Free Sugar and Income
Tax Bills.
Washington, March 7.-Rep. Samuel
W. McCr.il of Massaehus its tiled an
individual minority report from the
House ways and means committee, today.
covering both the Democratic
1 if* sugar and "income tax " bills.
"Tile sugar bill," lie said, "does
away with S.">3,000.000 annual revenue
upon an article which is a source of
revenue in every civilised country and
with the probability that very little
of tne remitted duty will escape the
refiner, the wholesaler, the jobber and
tile retailer and reach the consumer
of sugar.
"The revenue thus thrown away, it
is proposed to make good by 'direct
tax. which is probably unconstitutional
and which would not rest upon incomes
coming to the possessor without
effort on his part, hut treat the
right to work and its necessity as a
franchise, the exercise of which would
tie taxed.
"The majority does all this because
they say: "The refining interest is the
most important connected with sugar
manufacturing in the United States.

Mary T. Goldman's Gray Hair Restorer

i\ 111 prills
the original color
In Riiiy and faded
h a I r a n d will
i leave the hair
clean, fluffy and

11 cp.TS. Pa t. Office natural.
On hand at all dealers; nr direct
from laboratory, express prepaid, on receipt
of $1.i». I'ree trial bottle aiul comb
sent for live 2c stamps to cover postage
and packing. Ito sure and tell tne.orlRinal
color of your hair. (.:«}
Mary T. Goldman, Goldman Bldg., St.
Paul, Minn.
Bowdltch, W ebster & Co., Augusta, Me.
jnchSdlt

Therefore, the industrial position of
refining requires primary eonBtderntion.
I think the majority expresses
undue solicitude tor an industry conntrated
in a few hands and I am
informed that the testimony taken before
another committee of the House
shows ti'is solicitude to he unnecessary
and likely to be \ cry expensive
to the country."
In a supplemental statement issued,
today, in behalf Of lie- minority of tile
ways and means committee on the
free sugar bill, Representative Ford -
n.-v ..f Michigan declared that the malt
rit.v report on the' i'ill. submitted by
chairman i'ndcrwood, was 'an admission"
of all tinu tlie minority
ihtimed. "It shows conclusively." said
(lie statement, "that the domestic
lir-i-t and cane sugar industry cannot
survive tree sugar and that they admit
that the hill was framed in the
Interest of the refiners."
Day in Congress.
Washington, March * The day in
..'engross:
Senate -Met at noon.
Debate on liritish and Drench arhiration
treaties resumed and vote will
lie taken at 4.20 1'. M. Senator Percy
announced lie would make statement
to Senate Friday in response to Mississippi
legislature's demand that In
resign.
Democratic members of the finance
rommittee decided to stand by Housi
steel tariff revision hill before seeking
support of progressive Republicans.
House-Met at noon.
Resumed discussion of agricultural
appropriation bill.
Rev. t'lark Carter, city missionary
told rules committee general impression
was that the sending of children
front Lawrence, Mass., was to excite
'.empathy.
Dismissed chief Drainage Engineer
Elliott lot' department of agriculture,
a stifled Florida Everglade lands circular
was suppressed by Secretary
Wilson.
Senate- -Commerce committee order'd
favorable report on bill to extend
until -March 15, 1!*-!', time for completion
of Hudson river bridge, New
York City.
House-Speaker Clark was felicitat'd
upon his 62(1 birthday anniversary
by speeches from various members.
The $226,000 garden seed appropriation
in agricultural hill was depicted
in dispatch us "graft" by opponents
3f the item.
Rep. Burnett introduced Hi 11 providing
for deportation of all deserting
foreign seamen w ho are aporehended.
Senate adjourned at 5.20 P. M. until
neon Friday.
Sulzer's Apple Bill.
Washington, March 7.-Rep. Sulzer of
New York loves apples but prices have
been high, this season, so, today, he introduced
a bill to make all apples sold
in the District or Columbia conform to
a standard. • "y|f
An apple barrel, by his bill, must have
capacity of not less than 7056 cubie
inches and apples would bo divided into
three classes, A, 1! and C. Representative
Sulzer proposes that any blushing
fruit of tlie first class must he not less
than two and a half inches in diameter,
must be of normal shape and not specked,
insect bitten or worm-eaten.
Every dealers would have to label his
apple barrels United States standard or
be lined $1 for each barrel.
Pension Bill Reported.
Washington, March 7. -Tlie Senate,
commerce committee favorably reported,
today, a bill providing pensions based on
age, service and\for disability for district
superintendents, station keepers and

[members nf pious nf the Ilf' saving sscr\
in
The MU li.SKs a service limit of :i6 J0£>r-s
an ng<$ llinirof 61. comblrioii with inubilit.v
to twork, as the requirement. It hi-a
provides 10 per cent, increase in salary
after every five-years service.
Monument to Queen Isabella.
Washington, March 7.- A monument : >
Queen Isabella, who pledged her jewels
to finance the voyage of Christopher Columbus
which resulted in the discover ,
of America, is provided in a hill introduced
in ttie House, today, by Hep. i, -
ware ol South Carolina. The bill appn
lulato^ Jhi.oio for the monument, which
is to lie erected in Charleston. S. ('.
Meyer Tells Ships' Cost.
Washington; March ?.-Scvretar r
Meyer told the House naval committee.
today, some interesting facts
about tile cost of building ships in the
na\ y yards and gave testimony against
tile i ;' that the navy was ovcr-oitiei
red find that a huge proportion of
tlie ofiaers sjamt tlieii time ashore.
la substance. St-crctarj Meye
showed lluit the big dreadnought
Klorida eo ill less per ion ;o I liid
in tlie .New Vorh navy yard than the
Conner ticut by way of meeCng the
charge tltat the cost ol n tvy yard
work vite increasing.
Tile i'tah was built by a priv ■ *
concern at a los~ of a half million dollars
and ollur battleships v.viv built
in private vards under similar eonrTitions.
Tliat was one r' .son. lie sold,
why tile cost of navy yard work appeared
to be ewes.^v e.
The sci rotary thought that the cost
of navi laid work could he brought
down by the adoption nf modern systems
of management such as that employed
in some of the lag private British
yards.
Tlie secretary urged the permanent
addition to the naval lists of the grades
of admira: and vice admiral so that
United States forces should not be
outranked by foreign powers in joint
mo' ■ uient s.

Everglades Draining.
Washington, March 7.-"It would
cost $i:>0,fi00 :.inl take a year more for
tile government to make a complete
report 01: the feasibility of draining
tie Everglades and to make plan
for that ] reject," said < >. Elliott of
the Voss investigating committee, today.
Mr. Elliott, who was chief drainage
engineer of the department of Agriculture
until ids dismissal by Herretai'y
Wilson, was on the witness stand
in the hearing 0.11 the Everglades matter.
Representative Mays of Florida
asked the question which brought out
the statement from Mr. Kiliott. th
witness had been on the stand, all
day, explaining the technical side of
the controversy.
"X >w, Mr. Elliott, isn't it a fact, in
view of this difference of opinion of
your experts, in view of the incomplete
data on the subject and tile ineompetency
and the inefficiency of the engineers
which has been testified to, that
it would take a >cnr to make plans
for that project * r to slat* definitely
anything about it " Mr. Mays bad
asked.
Mr. Elliott will resume the witness
stand, tomorrow, after Representative
Clark and some others from Florida
testify as to what they know of the
suppression of the Everglades report.
SETTLEMENT PROSPECT.
(Continued From I'ago 1)

eo by without any premium. The
strike committee asked that the premium
lie offered for one week at a time
to he follow'd I by three weeks without
any bonus. President Wood said lie
would take tlie matter under consideration.
Mr. Riley added that a better understanding
seemed to have been reached,
all around and that the strikers might
have to make a few eon< essions on
their part in order to briny about a
settlement of the dispute which has
crippled the textile industry in this
city, for two months.
.\ clearer, understanding of the proposed
increase in wages by the mill
agents was also reached by the strike
committee, said Mr. Kiley President
Wood told the committee that the $5
per cent, increase would apply to
those employes who now receive as
high as ?15 a week. For those who received
the lowest irate of pay the increase
would be between 12 and 13 per
cent., according to Mr. Riley's report.
A few hours before the meeting
there was a disturbance on the streets
nearby that, for a time, threatened
serious consequences. A crowd of
about a thousand strikers and sympathizers
intercepted operatives i outing
from work in the Pacific mills, and
in the midst of much hooting some
<n the operatives were attacked. The
trouble was confined to fisticuffs but
the police were unable to disperse the
crowd and sent a call for help from
the militia. A squad of 35 men from
the first corps of cadets came on the
double-quick- and scattered the
crowd without being obliged to use
force. Another crowd of 500 persons
gathered at the corner of Valley and
Hampshire streets to intercept Other
operatives returning from work, hut
IT policemen were able to break up
the group before any harm developed.
The police say that they have received
many complaints from operatives who
had returned to work or who want t >
return, saying that violence lias been
threatened against them.
The police are investigating and have
placed guards over the homes of some of
those who have been intimidated. For
the past few days the crowds on ttie
streets have increased and the police
have been kept busy quelling minor disturbances.
Cocur MIquale, who was arrested, today,
after Daniel O'Connell, an operative
at the Atlantic mills had been slightly
cut in the back of the nock by a
knife, was sentenced in tTTe police court,
tonight, to 30 days in jail on the charge
of assault with a dangerous weapon.
Antonio Ficibill. who was also arrested
during some disturbances, today, received
a sentence of 30 days on the charge
of interference with an officer. On similar
charges several other persons were
fined from $5 to }10, and six eases went
over until tomorrow for disposition.
THE GRACE CASE.
,
(Continued from Page One.)
hack to life. If ho lives he will be
crippled for life.
Notwithstanding night reports that
Eugene IX, Grace, the wealthy UullUyr

>
found, Tuesday afternoon, with u bullet
in his side, bad e.-unee to live,
bis eomiition was Improved, this morning,
.according to hospital physician*.
His v ife is out on honds, charged with
assault with intent to Kill. He has
iivicc no stat* ment. since his l.rst sensational
declaration involving .Mrs.
Ora* •• She contends she did not shoot
him.
Grace says lie discovered bis wound j
when he woke up and tie be wi s shot
wnon asleep or under the influence of
Opiates. No indications that he v. :n
drugged have been found, so far as the-!
lichee will say.
♦
ciraeo recently insured hi - lift* for
»)00 in fa vor of wife. Persons j
advancing any theotf »!.«» ■ iirvj this j
with the shooting an* m i v. i*h re- j
ports that Mrs. (3ra<-* is po-: • of
a comfortable fort urn- in Phile.tbdphia.
..here she came from.
Airs. Ora^e since I mg' released or*
bond lias been with tirace's mother
at i local hotel. The latter apparently
still supports her duu^hu*r-iu-la.w
in her protestations of innurriin .
Philadelphia. Mar b . M» . Martha
Ulrich, mother of Mrs. Ku^em If
«iraoi\ today. received , followin',
telegram from her daughter
"Accused of shoot inr *-• i. I am in
nocem. n-. is improving."

LAND OF FAMOUS PAGODAS.
American Woman's Letter Describes
the Attractions and Drawbacks of
Burns.
"Our now bungalow, which we are
sharing with an Irish gentleman-such
partnership being very common in this
land of high rents-Is on a lovely hill
top and commands a fine view. When
not raining (this is the wet season), our
evenings are glorious: the breeze rustles
in the surrounding palms, and above all
rises the magnificent Sliwe Pagon Pagoda.
its golden spire gleaming in the
tropical moonlight. It all seems more
like fairy-land than reality.
"We often climb the long stairs to the
platform of the Pagoda to watch the
happy Burmese at their devotions, kneelin
gbefore ttie many statues of Buddha.
The worshipers are clad in brilliant colored
silks, and the dainty women wear
wreaths of lovely little white orchid
blossoms in their shining hair. Burma
is the land of Pagodas, and Knwe Pagon
tlie most renowned temple of the Buddhist
faith.
"It was built about CAS TS. c . when,
however, it was only 27 feet high, and
through the centuries many alterations
have been made. It now i isos to a
height of 321 feet, built upon a mound
far above the street, and its platform
measures WH) feet in length. An American
missionary lias told us that the Burmese
are the most difficult of all Hasp rn races
to convert to Christianity.
' "We are quite gay at present, being invited
to several dinner parti's. one at a
grand affair at the house of a High
Court Judge, to meet ^ir Harvey and
I-ady Adamson, the Lieutena: t Gov^nor

miniM .11 *i j 11 m lining
two weeks in Rangoon. They r-sub'
at Government House up in the hills-,
two days' journey from here. There will
be a regatta at the beautiful boat club
on Saturday afternoon and a dinner at
Minto Mansions, followed by a. concert.
Dinners are given in Rangoon with much
style, and even at IWffke Which are informal
they slick to prestige and people
ore placed according to their rank.
"The English officers are so nice and
natural, not a bit as English officers are
pictured abroad. At dinners one always
expects to be seated in arm chairs, usually
made of teak, as one gets perfectly
limp before the long meal is concluded,
so trying is this climate. People make
a great objection to dinners at a certain
house. 'Pino there? Why, I nearly fall
off their chairs, without any arms!'
"We take our morning exercise cl golf
very early, going at 6.30 before the sun
gets well up. this being a help to ward
oft fever. Even wearing topees, we find
the sun too dazzling to play after s
o'clock. The golf links are so picturesque,
being really the parade grounds,
and often hundreds of both native and
white soldiers, mounted and on foot, are
drilling as well as signaling with flags
and heliograph while a fine band plays.
"Often all are nearly hidden in a thick
mist, or wet fog. This is the dampest
climate imaginable, and one's clothing
must be aired and dried daily by charcoal
fires, even in the dry season. A rug
at my feet is white like snow with mildew,
just over night. Were it not for
the unhealthiness of the climate, the hideous
caste system and the high price of
fixing. Rangoon would be a, delightful
post.
"Yesterday Puppy had to be bathed,
and imagine, at one time no less than
seven servants were 'on the job*-one to
make a fire and heat the water, another
to carry away the dirty water and two
to scrub! Each could do no more than
his caste allowed. If T had put forth m>
hand to help, 1 should never again have
been treated as a white person, or with
any respect. You can't imagine a more
beautiful animal than Muettia, the dog
lie is the pride of Rangoon as he strutalong
like a huge tiger.
"A few days ago the Chinese Consul
came to call and take a cup of tea with
us. He arrived at our door in a victoria
with a fine pair of horses and attend'd
by several servants. He expectbis
Government to send him to Durbar,
great expense, but everybody is excited
over that event and, to tell you th
truth, we are rather bored, hearing it
forever discuss* d. the costumes to 1
worn, and other details. Even in Rangoon,
thousands of rupees are to he spent
to celebrate that day by people who cannot
go to Delhi. To illuminate the lake
here for one night 30 000 rupees are to h
expended ($10,000). A rice famine, ton.
and poor people starving
"At the Gymkhana Club one afternoon
a snake was found around the leg of a
chair, right in the room where a hundred
or more people were dancing. VV •
were, there, and all did consider it a
joke, as the snake had chosen a chair by
the door leading to the bar.
"I wish- you might have beheld a gorgeous
funeral that Inns just passed hem
and held a sort of review at our corner
It evidently was that of a rich Burm&n.
First came a kind of ballet of Bur ones •
in bright colored silks, dancing the wildest
kind of contortions, anything but
graceful. After tills came the hoarse,
drawn by several black horses. Oddly
enough, it was a huge black English
hearse with attendants in black and whitgirdles,
not the usual gaudy Burmese
hearse, with the models of dancers an 1'
race horses. Next came a brass band
playing "Yip-i-Yaddi,** to which music j
the ballet was darn ing. About a mile of j
ox-carts followed with quaint tops of
colored matting, crowded with gav
I "mourner and no end of refreshments.
| A big Burman in brilliant, pink silk, car[
rying a large fan, was playing the mas

ANNOUNCE M E NT

v FHE JOURNAL maintains a com•j
plete Job Printing Department and is
prepared to execute on the shortest notice
ail orders for cards, circulars, letter-heads,
bill-heads, and all miscellaneous work.
? In fact there is nothing in the line of Job
a Printing that we cannot do. Modern

machines and up-to-date methods enable us to produce
printing of superior quality, delivered on time.
A trial order will place you on our list of satisfied
customers.
I he Journal s Book Department turns out annually
hundreds of volumes of High Grade Books,
Catalogs, Law Briefs, Dockets, and similar works.
All work is done with characteristic oromptness
Unusual care is taken to saleguard work during
its progress, and valuable "copy" when not in use is
deposited in a fire-proof vault. Manuscript is
given expert interpretation and proof-readers of
wide experience enable us to preserve extreme
accuracy m composition.
A battery of six latest model linotype machines,
type casters, last cylinder presses and other
improved machinery, annihilate time and make
for highest efficiency. A Book Bindery and an
Electrotype Foundry under the same roof present
additional facilities for completing books promptly.
We offer to patrons: accuracy, special training,
large equipment of the most modern pattern,
expedition, and true service.
KENNEBEC JOURNAL PRESS
nTJi?/; AUGUSTA, MAINE tZ'Zl;

ter of ceremonies ami seeing that ail
wore happy. Beside him was ;t man
hearing a hugs case of hot ties, with
drinks for the entire party. Life is never
monotonous in ] tan goon, even the funerals
afford amusement."- Pittsburg Dispatch.
ELECTRIC HEATING OF HOUSES.
Promising Method Being Tried in j
Sweden.
Considerable interest has been aroused
in Sweden by the announcement that the
municipal electric plant of Gothenburg
regards most favorably the outcome of
the experiments in electric heating conducted
by them on a small scale in the I
winter of 1910-11, and is preparing to!
make investigations of a mon elaborate
nature this year. The problem of heat-;
ing at a reasonable cost is a growing one
in southern Sweden, and the hope is ex-1
pressed that it rimy be solved by utilizing
the surplus water-power to furnish elec-»
trical heat. 11 is planned to try the'
scheme in actual practice by equipping
two or three of the live-story apartmenthouses
found throughout the city and
testing various devices in actual use.
The coal in ordinary household use
costs the consumer about $0.22 per ton ot
2240 pounds, delivered, and lire wood,
sawed and split, delivered and piled In
the wood cellar, costs, roughly, $9.*5 per
cord of 12$ cubic feet. Wood is the fuel
mo.'t generally used for beating, despite
its high cost. Only a few of its newest
buildings are equipped with steam or
other central heating systems, although
most of the city's population of 168.000
live in large apartment-houses and tenements.
In all these buildings large tile
stoves have been built into almost every
room. These are designed to burn wood.
The heat that these tile stoves give off Is
pleasant and the economy of fuel consumption
is surprising. They require a
minimum of care and attention. A wood
fire is started in tlie morning and allowed
to burn clown to coals, whereupon
all the dampers are tightly closed, confining
the heated air and gases to the
long winding tines that fill the interior qf
the stove and bringing the whole to n
temperature such that it radiates no
small amount of heat. The radiating
surface is large, as the stoves usually
extend from floor to ceiling, 'i he heal
from a single tiling is retained for 12 to
3." hours. The wood D almost'-entirely
consumed.
li Is proposed to take advantage of the
heat-retaining properties of tin so porce -
lain stove s and their uniform pleasant
heating effect bv means At portable electric-healing
elements of a new construction
that may he inserted iu the ordinary
combustion chamber and will produce,
dining tin* night sufficient heat ip'lat
throughout tlm following day. This
would make possible the utilization of
the lar*e number of stoves already in

stalled ji.ru 1 representing no Finall amount
nf invested capital, and would also supply
a demand for the'city's surplus curium
available through tho night. This
energy is si a tori io cost flip city only
j, r kilowatt hour, plus some minor
transforming rhnrges and other exprir
o . it is suggested that tho current
1'or la atiuif could host lio supplied
through a special set of mains, and that
la ilmt current could be 1 urnert off at
the power station at a lixed time iu the
morning. Should additional heat he desired
during the day, the portable electric
heater could lie removed ami the usual
wood fire built, for tiiese stoves have no
gratis and the lire la built iu u plain,
rectangular firebrick chamber.
The local electric power station is a
municipal affair, securing part of Its
power from tin- waterfall at Trollliattan,
about 50 miles avva\. aml generating the
balance in Gothenburg in a steamoperated
plant. Hoth tUtemutfpg and
direct current are furnbdieil, tlie rates
!" r kilowatt hour being now as follows:
For lighting, SIMMS: for elevators, $0.t«7;
for motors and power, fO.tMSfBoston
Transcript.

MANLINESS IN THE MINISTRY.
If He Be "Only a M?n," Let Him Be a
True Man.
What the world expects of ihu ministry
is a Utile more at least than its)
demand from the ordinary man. Ita
judgments art; an echo oi ine woms ;
of our Lord, "And to whomsoever j
much is given, ol him shall much bo
required; ami to whom they commit !
much, ol him will they ask ihr- more."
When \v. say, a p.dogeueallj. 'Tito
minister Is after all only a man!" the
Instil"• response of ordinary people,
more frequently thought than spoken,
is. • Let hit.i oe a man. tin ill" '"In'
respect men give to manliness is lit
tie* basis of . fl liia lovincr iiffecUl'ii
Which SO Often is the reward of a true
ministry. Wu have t !Ua it. too often
tl...t a radiea: defect of theological
training is that .t does not cultivate
•he manly- ipiaHties; and Ileal, on the
whole, people thii.lt of pi iest and minister
as si >utething: less Uuui a man.
If that is true in any case, as it was
true of this clerical murderror, there
is a defect s-tmioivliere, though we do
not think it inherent in opr modern
systems' of ministerial eduesstion.
When we think of the gr< at minis*
lets of cm- o vn and othor generations,
strong and manly characters; come up
lit view. Tin- sucees-f'u! pay.or: have
not linen effeminate. The type of the
home MiisKio!!ar\ is Whitman, who
crossed the unknown continent alone
on a high crraml. The ;ype of thr*
foreign missionary is Cyrus Hamlin,
diplomat, engineer, iark of any trade
that would help his Master's cause.
Xft man has ever yet succeeded perm a

nently in the ministry who seemed to
his people. nr to the world outside the
ihnreit less than a matt. The type of
evangelist i;t Moody, business man and
master of men and one of the nianll
i : t figures tif the nineteenth century.
Men have succeeded who had hut n
meagre education, who had little gift
of eloquent* , even aonto who had little
bodily pre&enct or stalwart health; but
no one has become a. great minister
who ilid not convince the faultfinding
world that ho was a man.
There tiro, of course, special temp*
tattoos to effeminacy in the minister':*
lit' la tin first place, it shortens the
mail anil l *.sens the effort th.ti K-ad.»
to full cst,JblUlinient in life, a law
yer ox.pcrt.-i to sj*1 ten years to
climbing after lie leaves the Jaw
school; a minister may make a suetusa
of his first par tub. That attracts
some men whose special temptation I •
iul-ia so affecting the material on
which tin seminaries work Then tho
claim of th tudy sometimes lends to
bookishness-quite a different thing
from scholarship-and to remoteness
from present-day humanity. H.trd ns
the fleam ial side of the ministry o^ti it
is and inadequate as is the pay, it
usually comes :.s a stipend and not
as a r 'ward of risk and foresight. In
financial responsibilities tho minister
is sometitnt -t looked upon as uninltinte
and inadequate. And because he is
thrown, nnd» r modern conditions, so
much with women, who make up tin*
majority in the church and command
much -f their <«\\ rt th: In confidential
relations, whett - confessor or .is
advising friend and organizer of work,
special temptations may c- me to Ifim.
It Is a great thing to In loved an 1
honored, a- a true pastor conics to be,
but th' v ay to honor runs by the
crossing of respect. I nless we aro
rei it, r troiit; in loyalty, courageous to
endure and venture, able to master
self and ready to serve, the ministry
is pot -nr calling. It is a full man's
and only a strong man's work. Until
v.V can purge our hearts, our pulpits
and our parsonages from effeminacy,
"e cat! never fill otm full measure of
Influence as God's witnesses in a world
■ f men.-The Congn galionalbu.
Further remarkable discoveries have
been made in tlte ruins of Pompeii. The
excavators have come upon several balconies,
one of which, the first to be unearthed,
is complete. Five skeletons
have been found. Apparently they are
tho h mes of natives overcome while attempting'
to escape from the eruption. A
most Interesting discovery Is that of a
complete wine shop, with bronze and
glass amphorae, or jars, bronze lamps
and an ivory safe, which contained a
quantity of siHer coins. Many fresco>«
and an electoral inscription have been
uncovered.