SKOWHEGAN,
Twelve Hogs Averaging
Weight 450 lbs, Shipped,
Meeting of Town "Committee
of 20," Nett Tuesday Night.;
Births, Deaths and Marriages of
January-Chat About Town.

Mr?. Martha (Pratt) Wells, wife of
the late rcoyal Wills, died In Clinton,
Tuesday, at the home of her daughter,
Mrs. Arthur Holt. She had been sick
for some time. She was horn in
Clinton and would have been .6 years
old Feb. 26. She was the daughter of
the late Asa Pratt, Sr Hesides her |
daughter, Mrs. Holt, she leaves three
other children: Mrs. Relderi Manson,
Clinton; Mrs. George Barrett of
Schenectady, X. Y„ and Burton of
Waterville. She also leaves one
brother, Asa Pratt, Jr., of < linton.
She was a member of the Free Baptist
church at Hinckley. funeral
services will be held Friday at 2 P. M.,
at the home of Mrs. Holt, with Rev.
J. T. Saunders of the Free Baptist
church at Clinton vilago officiating.
W. B. Whittier shipped from this
station, Wednesday, twelve hogs that
averaged 450 pounds each anil the
heaviest one weighing 690 pounds.
The nest regular meeting of the
Golden Rod Branch, 1. I. R., will he in
the municipal court room, Thursday,
Feb. 15. There will be a roll call and
a Valentine party.
A daughter was born to Mr. and
Mrs. Emil Bert hold, vFeb. 2.
A card from A. E. Bisson, who with
a party Is touring Europe and is now in
Rome, states that he will be admitted
with two others of the party to an in
tervlew with the Pope, Monday.
Arhur Merrill, a student at Bowdoin
College. Is visiting his parents, Rev.
and Mrs. B. B. Merrill, for a few days.
Rodney McDonald of Boston, was
here, Thursday, in conference with the
members of the Renlor class of the
High school relative to their trip to
Washington In March. He went from
here to Madison to confer with the
class there.
A daughter was born to Mr. and
^Mrs. Fred R. Moody, Jr., Feb. 8.
/ There will be an exhibition In the
Library Parlors, Feb. 21-22, by the
Eunice Farnsworth Chapter, D. A. R.
The exhibits will consist of articles of
household use and wearing apparel of
the early years of the last century including
also many relics of the first
settlers of the town. The proceeds
are to be used in purchasing a bronze
, tablet to mark the landing place ot
Benedict Arnold' here while on his expedition
to Quebec in the fall of 1775.
Vital Statistics.
Following are the births recorded in
this county In the last week: A son
to Mr. and Mrs. Hadley Richardson,
Smithfield; a son to Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Craig, Brighton: a son to Mr.
and Mrs. Ralph York, West Athens; a
daughter to Mr. and Mrs. William
Felker, North Anson.
Following are the deaths for the
month Mrs. Mary J Dore, Harmony;
Samuel Colby Atwood, New Portland;
Sarah Stevens, Cambridge.
The following marriages have been
recorded: Miss Mabel H. Loomis of
Harmony and Martin L. Ames of
Dover; Harry J. Corson and Miss Edna
Wood of Mercer; Mark J. Draper
and Minnia G. Antes.
There will a meeting of the town
"committee of Twenty." next Tuesday
evening, In the selectmen's office, for
the purpose of going over the warrant
for the annual town meeting to be held
the second Monday in March. The
warrant will not be entirely completed
at that time and a later meeting will
follow. There are about 40 articles
ready for the warrant and there probably
will be about 25 more to add to
them. The warrant last year contained
65 articles. It is understood that
an articles will be inserted in the
warrant asking the town to apporpriate
a sum of money to build a new High
school building or make some change
in the present building.
Phineas'P. Steward.
Word has been received here from
Crompton, Minn., announcing the
death of Phineas P. Steward a native
of Skowhegan. He was 70 years old.
He was a veteran of the Civil War and
received a recognition for bravery and
fidelity to the Crtion cause. He was
married in 1870 to Sarah Littlefield of
Norridgewock, and there are two surviving
daughters. Mrs. Henry Mabary
of Ponsford, Minn., and Mrs. Charles
White of Caselton, N. D.
A meeting of the Sorosis in charge
of Mrs. Bertha Steward, with Mrs.
Edith Philbrlck and Mrs. Mary Lord
as hostesses, Wednesday afti fVioon, in
Library Parlors was one of educational
interest to all. The subject was "The
Southern Mountaineer" cr.d the papers

The Comfort and Economy of
Tourist Sleeping Cars in Traveling
to the Pacific Coast
l would like to explain to you just
what a Tourist Sleepiing car is, what
conveniences and comforts they have,
and how you can save money by joining
one of our through parties, which
go to the coast eveiy week in one of
these cars, escorted by a special conductor
employed by the "Burlington
Route" to look after your comfort.
For many years the Burlington Route
Personally Conducted Excursions to
California have been widely known for
the excellence of the service provided,
and the character of the employes in
charge. The whole idea of these parties
is to provide a way for people of
moderate means, to make the California
trip comfortably and in thoroughly
good hands, and at the same
time at an expense that is not prohibitive.
Please call at the office or
write-- !> postal Will do. Alrtx Stocks,
New England Pu < nger Agent, C. B.
& U. B. B„ ~Ei Washington Street,
Boston, Mass.

Peculiar After Effects
of Grip This Year.
Leaves Kidneys !n Weakened Condition.

Doctors iu all parts of the country
have been kept busy with the epidemic
of grip which has visited so many
homes. The symptoms of grip lliis year
ire very distressing and leavq the system
In a rim down condition, particularly the
kidneys which seem to suffer most, as
every victim complains of latne back and
urinary troubles which should not be
neglected, us these danger signals often
lend to more serious sickness, such as
Ireaded Bright's Disease. Local druggists
report a large sale on Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root which so many people say
soon heals and strengthens the kidneys
after an attack of grip. Swamp-Root is a
great kidney, liver and bladder remedy,
and. being an herbal compound, has a
gentle healing effect on the kidneys,
which is almost immediately noticed by
those who try it. Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton, X. V., offer to send a sample
bottle of Swamp-Root, free by mail, to
every sufferer who requests it. A trial
will convince any one who may be in need
of it. Regular size bottles r.0cts. and 51.
For sale at all druggists. Be sure to
mention this paper.
luring tlti* meeting were of literary
merit and interest. Mrs. Lois Patten
icte.d as president in the absence of
Mrs. J. E. Wadsworth and Mrs. A. B.
Lamb secretary pr > tern. A good report
of the club meetings at Dexter
was given by Mrs. Patten, which was
followed by a piano solo by Miss Edith
Lewis. A paper "Our Contemporary
Ancestors in the Southern States" given
by Miss Gertrude Weston was of
great interest; the paper including the
work i f the settlement school iu Hindman.
Ky. This was followed by a paper
"A Woman's Work for the Mountaineers''
given by Mrs. Bertha Steward,
she telling of the work of Mrs.
Berry of Rome, Ga„ who was the
founder of the Berry school which began
in the school for .boys who had
not had a chance. A vivid and interesting
book review "The Prophet of
the Great Smoky Mountain" by Mrs
Martha Griffin; a piano duet by Mary
and Martha Steward. It was announr
ed that *a banquet would be held in
Hotel Coburn March 1. The next
meeting will be in charge of Mrs. Violet
Fogg.
Mrs. Dora T. Nye gave a delightful
musical. Tuesday evening, at her home
on Bush street, to her class in piano
forte. The following program was
given, the subject being Edward Grieg;
Paper, Miss Artine Burnor; paper. Miss
Margaret Smith and by Miss Helen
Herriam; Greig's Composition and
Work. Miss Viva Lawton. Mrs. Nye
played from Holberg Suite and also
gave a description of the Holberg Suite
and its meaning in music. During the
evening piano solos were played by the
Misses Ruth Ennis, Margaret Smith,
Gfadys Chase, Vila Lawton and Ella
Flanders.
The senior class of the Athens High
school will present the three-act drama
"Our Folks," at Wesserrunset hail,
Friday evening. The following students
are in the cast of characters;
Donald Hight, Dwight Emery, Alton
Bush, Clyde Bush, Fred Weeks, Verna
Wormligbt, Thirza Drake. Viola Taylor,
Caro Cooley, Rena Stickney, Ruth
Height.
It is noticed that every one of the
leading papers of Maine, and nearly
if not quite all the leading weeklies
arc for Burleigh for the United States
Senate. Four-fifths of (he people
here are fur Burleigh.
MADISON.
Up to the present time only 30 names
have been recorded at the town clerk's
offlce'for the primary election and all
have registered as Republicans.
A very enjoyable event was the Valentine
social held by the Epworth
League in the Sunday school room in
the Methodist church basement.
Wednesday evening. After an informal
social hour came the first contest, consisting
in the guessing of the names
of 18 members of the league which
were found in anagrams printed on
smalt hearts pinned on the walls of
the room. The drawing contest, in
which various members of the company
were blindfolded and attempted
to draw a heart on the blackboard
created much merriment. The prize
for the best drawing was won by Miss
Marion Shaw. Home-made candy was
served and the program of the evening
closed with an old-fashioned sing.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Leavitt and two
sons of Livermore Falls arrived,
Thursday, and are guests of Mr.
Leavitt's sister in Anson, Mrs. Asa
M. Gilman.
Mrs. W. H. Kennlson has returned
from Portland, where she went to attend
the funeral of the late Dr. Challis.
Miss Bina Horan went, Wednesday,
to Fairfield, where she will visit
friends, fora few days.
Douglas C. Warraan, station agent
for the Maine Central in Madison, is
at Bingham, for a few days, called to
take charge of the station, owing to
the sudden illness of the agent in. that
place. E. C. Kendall is acting as substitute
at Madison during the absence
of Mr. Wurman.
The Ladies' Aid Society of the Free
Baptist church met. Wednesday, at
the residence of Mrs. Charles Wescott.
Maple street.
Eli Oliver, an aged resident of Anson,
is critically ill at his home on
Spear Hill.
The Women's Foreign Missionary
Society of the Methodist church met
at the residence of Mrs Julia Tinkham
on First street in Anson. A short
program was given and the afternoon
was spent in the study of Mohammedanism.
Dainty refreshments were
served by the hostess. Twelve members
were present
Mrs. George Williams returned,
Wednesday, from North Anson, where
she lias been making a brief visit with
friends.
Rev. C. A. Brooks will give a spe;
dal sermon at the Methodist church
Sunday morning, in observance . of
i Lincoln Sunday.

The I'iiiv rsit> of Washington Is
planning to senfl a 'Varsity bus-bail
team to Japan, next summer

HALLQWELL.
Thursday's Races on the
River the Best Ever.
!
Msrcy C., Pepper and Darkle
H. £re the Winners.
Natiowell High Meets Oak Grove at
Basketbaif, Tonight.

It is generally admitted that tlie
races run over the famous Hallowed
ice track on the Kennel).-. . 'Wpirsiluy
afternoon, wore about the best ever
witnessed here. The track was in tine
shape and after the snow flurry in tie
forenoon the day was all that could be
desired for such an occasion. Hooking
down the half mile stretch was a pretty
scene. At least 500 persons were
on the grounds and the west shore of
tlie Kennebec was lined with spectators.
while from al! the windows of the
business houses overlooking the river
v ere persons watching the running.
Within !S minutes after the scheduled
time for starting the horses everything
was in readiness for the "Go." and go
they did. for every fellow did his level
host to make time anil have his steed
come in ahead. There was no fooling.
The judges' decisions were accepted
without a grumble, all prize money was
paid before the winners left the ice,
and everything passed off pleasantly.
Considerable disappointment was f. It
over tin* failure of Hal Rogers to appear.
This horse has not been on the
track for several > ears, owing to a
broken leg which he sustained at Waterville,
four years ago. Recently, however,
he has been running again, and
showing ids former speed. He was
booked for Thursday's races, hut a ila\
or two ago he had the misfortune to
calk his best leg, and it was defined,
unwise to rtwtTiiiu.
The judges were Warren W. Wilkins
i Wintlirop, S. T. Stilkey of Augusta
end W. E. Perry of Knion. Frank W.
Harrtngton of Gardiner was starter
: nd .1. 1. Towle of Wintlirop tine r.
CLASS A-FRKK-HOK-ALL.
Mercy, t,'., H. M. Springer. Augusta.1 1 1
Margaret. C. W. Jones, Hallow. II . •„> j j
Time-.85, .Id. .341.
CLASS B-2.2.3 CLASS.
Plain Jack. C. H. Ohlsam, Augusta
.2 2 1 2
Pepper, Jim Haves, Gardiner_ 1 ] If 1
Black Silk, II. M. Springer, Augusta
.2 3 2 3
Time-.341, .34. .35, .35.
CLASS C-GREEN CLASS
Darkle, H. C. Bowman, Augusta..2 t 1
IT. d M. Wilkes. W A Milroy,
Gardiner .^, I 'J 2
l.iilu Girl, W, Albee, Hallowell.. .3 3 3
Monarch IP, ' . 4 C, 4
Slippery' Dick, Victor Ring, Gardiner
.5 5 5
B- . sic J., S McLaughlin, Gardiner
. i! 5 0

I
t;
Time-.35, ,3S, .37, .35.
The distance traveled in tfie races was
one-half mile.
-e--BASKETBALL,
TONIGHT.
Hallowed Hiyh Nine Meet Oak Grove
At Wilson Hail.
Basketball enthusiasts will have an
opportunity to see two strong and
evenly-matched teams in action. Friday
evening, at Wilson hall, w h.-ti the
Hallowell team will face the boys from
»iak Grove Seminary. The school team
is one of the best in the State, while
the local team's recent win over Augusta
shows they are able to make
the best aggregations hustle. Manager
Donald Campbell has had the home
team practicing all this week and they
ale shooting for the baskets much
more accurately titan in the last
game.
Following the first game a new attraction
will be a game between the
Juniors and Seniors of the High
school. The big game, starts at 7.30 and
will be followed by a dance. Hallowell's
lineup:
If. Fuller (Capt.), if: Dixon, rf; K.
Fuller, c; A. Douglass, Ig; Shepherd,
rg.
Miss Esther Gorham, who has been
illl at the Hallowell House, has recov<
red and resumed her duties.
Airs. Joseph Willett, who lias been
in Hallowell since the death of her
father, the late Thus. \V. Pooler, settling
up the affairs of the estate, left,
Thursday, for her home in Hartford,
Conn.
Jfenry Emery's span of horses attached
to a sled ran away on Water
street. Thursday afternoon, going at
a livelv gait just as the street was
crowded with persons leaving the,
race track. Wesley Cunningham made
a daring leap at the frightened animals
and succeeded in stopping them
before any serious damage was done.
LOCAL NOTICE.
Be Just to Your Family and Self.
Don't wait until fire has burned you

Only
In the
Boston
Sunday
Globe
Be sure to read
MR DOOLEY
"ON THE EDUCATION OF
WOODROW WILSON"
in ncvt Sunday'# Boston Globo.
Ct-b9.il

out and with aching heart wish you
had insured. Do it now. The cost of
insurance is smali, the satisfaction is
great. Walter D. Spaulding's Agency
assures you lowest prices and prompt
settlements. jan2Ce;e-:r

CHURCHILL. SPEAKS
ON IRISH HOME RULE.
(Continued from Page One.)
ol Liberals and Nationalists. There
was no disturbance and the large
force of police cm duty in the station
had a very easy task to perform.
There was no marked excitement
among the workers of the city, today
The ti ns of thousands of men and
vomen engaged in the shipyards and
the linen factories proceeded to work
as though the qm.'.'ii of home rule |
had not been mooted. \ few ^niali
crownls, however, w* re scattered here
and there, anxious to see the lirst lord
of the admiralty.' at i watching the
movements of the military.
Rain fell the wi- de morning. The
football grounds, where the in* eting
v.as to lo held, is swamp, and the
saturated canvass miiqueo in wiiich
Mr. Churchill was speak sagged
tljreatingly several time*
Arrangements for pres* rvlng the
peace were made on the most 'elaborate
scale ever wiits sod in this city.
0- tachmoots of ... we tv | mated
everywhere, and the in .ops were held
in readiness in Ui :r quarters.
.Matters looked ugls for a moment
when Ah. and Mrs Churchill started
for the place where the me* ting was
to be held. A great crowd which had
gathered outside if, . hotel appeared
in -lined to rush tin lirst lord's motor
car and tried to Muck its passage, but
a llotillu of escortinr motor cars packed
with detectives suer oded in worming
a way through the grguning
tlirong and got tlie lirst lord safely
away.
In the course of the morning a
11 i vd of Unionist aaded the streetcarrying
an effigy of Mr. Churchill t<>
which was attached r placard hearing
i he words. "Down wltli Churchill!"
"No Home Rule!"
They proceeded to the hotel where
Ail. and Mrs. Chin hill are staying
: ad sang the National anthem. Then
they dispersed without disorder.
The first lord of the admiralty and
John FA Redmond, the Nationalist
1- . ader, reached the marqufee safely.
Their journey through the streets was
marked by nothing more serious than
i at bursts *oT groans and hisses.
The football grounds was surrounded
from an early hour by troops so
as to guard again, i invasion by the
Unionists. Only ticket holders were
admitted.
'i he surroundings of the football
ground, which Is known locally as
{'Paradise," were forbidding. The deluge
was incessant and the approaches
to the marquee were a sea of black
■ i7.e. The supports and ropes holding
..'I the marquee wer ■ strained with t^e
v- i-;lit of the sodden canvas through
which the water dripped like a shower
hath.
i.ttigies bearing tie labels "Carson
and Londonderry Turncoats and
Traitors" swayed from poles inside the
marquee, looking fur all the world like
corpses hanging fr. m the gallows.
Bodies of infantry and dragoons were
: taliened a short distance from the
marquee in readiness for emergencies.
The police challenged everyone who
iried to pass through the entry into
tlie grounds. Occasional bands of
rowdy youths marched by with banners
bearing words "No Home Huh !"
"Down with Churchill!"
Mr. Churchill was greeted with a
rousing reception from the 6'mio people
gathered within the tent. A steady
shower hath pour, d through the canvas
roof, making the floor an incipient
marsh.
A band played popular airs intermingled
with the (fish melodies "The
Wearing of the Green," a tel "The n.iys
of Wexford." ,
Air. Churchill immediately gut on
good terms with his audience, promising
them that the government intended
-to pass a home rule hill which
would be harmonious with imperial interests;
smooth the path '* the British
1-mpire. liberate new forces for its
service, and forever do away with the
accursed machinery by which hatred
h id been manufactured in the past.
The government's home rule bill, eontinin-d
Air. Churchill, would fit into a
general scheme of parliamentary revolution
leading ultimately to the federation
of the empire. That was the only way to
free the House of Commons from Its
present congestion.
"Look at our great rivals, the United
States of America and Germany. Both
of those great Powers conduct their business
through separate parliaments."
Air. Churchill contended that the settlement
of the long quarrel between the
British government and the Irish people
would Vie a boon to the empire beyond
compare, ns tile Irish throughout the
world were a power for good or ill who
14ad in the past mostly worked counter
to British interests.
Without- closely particularizing the
terms of the home rule bill to be brought
in by the government, Mr. Churchill said
that tlie Irish parliament and Senate
would fairly represent tho minority as
well as tho majority of the people of Ireland.
Tlie crowd will be in a position to
refuse its assent to any unjust law and

the imperial parliament will be able to
repeal any such law. >
Religious freedom will be secured.
The privy council will be able to declare
void any law which goes beyond
the limits of the home rule bill.
The military will remain under the control
of the imperial government. *
The financial proposals of the bill will
give a fair start to the Irish government
and insidious taxes will not be able lo be
placed upon Ulster.
The Irish' parliament will have real
control of its finances, but the system
used must be consistent witli the financial
system of the United Kingdom.
The Imperial government will continue
to carry out the land purchase and other
age pension schemes.
The Irish representation at Westminster
will be reduced.
Mr. Ohurehill continued that the government
Is prepared to fight the bill
through parliament and be asked for fanplay
from tlie Unionists.
On the subject of finance, Mr. Churchill
said that under the present system
Ireland was entitled to a subsidy of $10,000,000
a year from (Jreat Britain and
this would be Increased largely through
the maturing n,mi existing legislative obligations.
John Redmond, the Nationalist leader,
followed with a five-minute speech :n

The Tenderfoot Parmer
It was one of these experimental tanners, who put freed
spectacle* on bis cow and fed her thavinfa. His cheery
was that it didn't mutter what the cow eta so lorif us vh&
was fed. The questions of digestion and nourishment had
not entered into his calculations.
It's only a "tenderfoot*' farmer that would try suck

w ' sn experiment wttn a cow. nut many a tanner tecu* Bin:ttif
regardless of digestion and nutrition. Ha might almost us well e"! s'nnv>
ings for all tho good he gets out cf hij food. The result is that the stomach
grows "weak" the action ol the organs of digestion and nutrition aro impaired
«J the uuu slitters the miseries of dyspepsia ami,the agonies of uervousuea#.
Vo KtrenCthen the stomach, rcstoro the activity of tho orof
digestion ..i:d nutrition anti bravo up tho nertree.
use Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery, ills an ua*
tuning remedy, a ;Y /.* -i the confidence of physicians a*
wilier the praise ct ti.ousands heated by its use.
In the strictest "Golden Medical Discovery" is a temperance medicine.
it contains neither intoxicants nor narcotics, and is as free from alcohol
as from i^pium, cocaine and other dangerous drugs. All ingredients printed ua
its outside wrapper. \
Don't let a dealer delude you for his owu profit. There is no medicine lot
stomach, liver and blood "just as good" as "Golden Medical Discovery.'*

The History of Olive Q£f.
A Very Ancient Food and Lubricant.
All of ns know something ah out olive oil.
We know it is made from olives and we haw all eaten it on salads.
Hut we forget at one tin! ', lor thousands of years, it was one of
(he world': staple foods like wheat and torn.
Hef> re hotter was., produced (blitter is com para lively modern)
olive oil was always eaten with cereals as butter is eaten with
hr. ad, to soften, sweeten and make it palatable. Tile Bible is full
of the value of olive oil In b 'll Testaments. The Romans, Greeks,
Phone, inns, li.vptlans, Jews. A. :yrian Per ians, Rabvlinians. all
highly prised (dive oil as a food, (dive oil was one of the world's
first foods.
olive <>i! is one of the most nourishing foods known today.
It has fallen a little Into disuse because of butter and .the adulteration
of olive oil.
Hut if one In vs VESCA Imported Olive Oil which is absolutely
pure he will hut imitate the wisdom ol the anciently Sold in h.
pint, |i i ami >i rt bottles. Price 30c., f>Mc„ and <1.00.
GARDINER, ME.
Electric Car Tickets for sale HERE, 11 for 50c.

dec29eo<Jtf
1*

CLEAN COAL - CLEAN COAL
W1S DON'T NEED To RECOMMEND THE COAL WE
SELL, OUR PATRONS ARE DOING IT FOR VA.
WE HAVE ONLY THE BEST STANDARD GRADES.
SHIPPED DIRECT FROM THE MINES, CLEAN) AND
BRIGHT, ALL SIZES. NO ORDER TOO SMALL TO
RECEIVE PROMPT ATTEN TION.
GIVE US A TRIAL ORDER AND HAVE GOOD COAL.
Gardiner Coal & Supply Co.,
E. L. Bussell, Manager.
145 WATER ST,
oodtf
GARDINER. ME.

HOTEL and STORE PROPERTY FOR SALE.
Having been ordered to vacate the premise*, the undersigned offers for sale,
the fixtures and furniture of the HOTUL BRUNSWICK SITUATE!) AT THE
CORNER OF WATER and BRUNSWICK STREETS. GARDINER, ME . consisting
of the following articles, to wit: Chamber sets, mattresses, dining room furniture,
talf!*v!inen and crockery, all nearly new and in first-class condition.
Also stock and "fixtures in the grocery store under said hotel, corner of Brunswick
and Water streets, consisting of a full line of canned goods, teas and coffee?;,
tobacco and cigars.
This is one of the most desirable location? in tin* enty. and will be sold -it a
j reat sacrifice for cash
R. F. HARSVICN.
t'ebTdl \v

which he said that he accepted every
word of Mr. Churchill's speech. *
Mr. Redmond appealed to Ulster "in the
nanje of Ireland and the name of tne
British empire, in the name of justice
and good-will, to help us settle the Irish
question wisely, well and forever."
The national anthem was sunt? by all
present at the close of the proceedings.
Mr. and Mrs. Churchill returned !<»
their hotel in a motor car and then took
a special train for Larne on their wav
to Scotland.

Shipping News.
i Boston, Feb. s.-Arrived: Schooners
Frank K. Swain, Humuco, !'. I'.:
Pendleton Bros., Georgetotvn, S. C.;
Hebert P. Murphy, Apalachicola;
Stanley M. Soman, Gulfport, Miss.;
William Douglas. Norfolk; M. D.
Creasy, do; Fannie Palmer, Baltimore;
Clara A. Donnell, Norfolk; for Salem.
Sailed: Schooner* Hazel Traliey
(Dr.) (from Noel, X. S ), Portland, (In
tow); Fuller Palmer (from Baltimore)
do; George P. Hudson, Norfolk; Ralph
M. Hayward, New York (later from
Nantasket Roads).
Rockland, Me., Feb. 8.-Sailed:
Schooners William Uiee, Belfast; Abdon
Keen. Belfast.
Portland, lie., Feb. 8.-Arrived: Steamer
Coburn (Hr. i, Louisian s, C. B.; schooner
Ruth K. Merrill, Norfolk.
Sailed: Steamers Scotian (Hr.), Glasgow;
Bay State, Newport News; schooners
I'! iiza Levensaler, coastwise; O. M.
Gilmore, Booth bay; Hugh Deepayens,
Rockland.
Sable Island,« Feb. S.-Str. La Provence.
Havre for New York. 850 miles
east of Sandy Hook at 8.66 A. M. Dock
about 8.80 A. M.. Saturday.
Str. Baltic, Liverpool and Queenstown
for \ow York, 75!) miles east of
Sandy Hook at midnight, 7th. Dock
about 8.30 A. Saturday.
Sir. Madonna, Marseilles ami Naples
for Providence and New Y< rk. 8.30
milts east of Sandy Hook at 7 A. M.
Boston, Feb. s.-Arrived; Steamer
Ionian, Glasgow.
New York, F*'b. X.-Arrived: Steamy
or ('. F. Tietgen, Copenhagen.
SiasciuiM■ t, Mass., Feb. X.-Steamer
Qi eania, Trieste, etc., for New Yorks
;?:;•» niiles east of Kandy Hook at <1 A.
M. fihek about 8.30. A. M.. Friday.
Caintu Me.. Feb' s.-Sailed: Schooner
Herald, St. John, N. B. i
I Vineyard Haver. Mass.. Feb. 8.-The
| schooner Leora M. Thurlow, ('apt.
j Lewis, Bangor, Me., for New Haven,
j Conn., was released from the iee .near
, Handkerchief shoal, today, by tho
! revenue cutter Gresham and towed
i here, this afternoon. The schooner
I lost her starboard anchor and had her
bob chains carried away. She is leakin;
Slightly. After making temporary
repairs she will proceed for New Hav"en
under her own sail.
New York, Feb. 8.-The high westerly
! winds have drivcu the iee from tins bar-!
hor out into Long island sound, thus af-'
fuidimj sailing vessels an opportunity to

proceed east. The it*** In tin* bay and
near Throgg's neck is somewhat packed
St> liners and tugs experience very little
difficulty in passing east or west.
CONDENSED DfSPATCHES.
Field Marshal Wilhelm Von Hahnke,
one cl the heat known and most pop-'
ulur soldiers in Germany, died, Thursday,
at Berlin. |
A British Bed Cross mission con

stating m four doctors and three
nurses is proceeding immediately to
Tripoli to aid the Turkish sick and
wounded. The mission will take a
complete field hospital with it.
Bake Superior for the first time in
many years, is frozen over front
llii^ic river to Isle Royale, a distance
of 40 miles. Residents of Eagle River
believe that the iee field extends clear
across the big take. Keweenaw Point
people report that moose have been
seen there during the last few days
and if this is so, the animals must
have crossed on the ice from Canada
as there have been no moose, on Keweenaw
Point for many yeaip.
The threatened strike of the employes
of the Rock Island arsenal at Davenport,
lu., collapsed, Thursday, when time
cards were offered to a few employes and
were accepted. The machinists' union,
one of tile strongest organizations at the
arsenal, notified Commandant Burr that
.its members would accept the cards. It
is expected the other organizations will
do likewise. The action on I lie part of
the machinists followed telegraphic Instructions
from their national officers,
Adam J. Knglehardt was blown to
pieces and I he main building of the
Meriden auto station, which was owned
by him and located <>n West Main
street near the center of the city of
Meriden. Conn., was wrecked, Thursday
morning, by an explosion of gas.
If our large jiutcmoblles housed there
v. ere caught under the wreckage, and
very badly damaged, if not ruined.
Windows in nearby buildings were
shattered and the shock was felt for
half a mile around. The explosion occurred
while Engelhard!, was testing a
newly installed welding machine. Tin
cause lias not been determined. Several
persons were in another part of
Ihe establishment, lmt escaped practically
u/ihurt. Engelhard t was 42
years old and married.
After prolonged discussion thy rate
of discount of the Hank of "England
was"* reduced. Thursday, to '!per
cent., owing to (he easy monetary conditions
here and on the continent of
Europe and in America and the steadily
increasing strength <>r the gold reserve.
The exceptional demand for
gbld for India has begun to slacken
and in view of the American gold
shipments to Paris and the fact that
(he Bank of England's control of the
money market will enable it io make a
:i'j per cent, rate effective, there is
consul* red to be no longer any necessity
for maintaining (he 4 per cent,
rate impeded by the Bank of England
in September.

Daily Kennebec Journal
Friday, February 9, 1912.
GARDINER.
I'\ B. Littlefield left, Thursday, for
Bangor on legal business.

-Theresa Ballard left, Thursday,
for Boston on a visit of,several weeks.
Alee Duffy of Randolph, Thursday, left
for Quincy, Mass., to attend the funeral
of a relative.
Dr. Fred Strout was in Portland,
Thursday, as a witness in jt ease being
tried there.
The Star Club will meet. Friday afternoon,
with Mrs. Georgia Burnham,
Farmingdaie.
Selectmen Fuller and Merrill of West
Gardiner went, Thursday, to Brunswick
on business coniiTcted with the town.
One respondent appeared before Judge
Atkins, Thursday morning, for Intoxication.
lie paid the usual fine and costs
Theodore C.'uueu of Wlscasset, who has
been the guest of his sister, Mrs. George
Finery of Uandulph, returned, Thursday.
1he Ladies' Aid of the Methodist
eh tire!' will meet at 2.30, Friday afternoon,
with Mrs. Cook, on Lincoln avenue.
Gardiner Grange will hold its regular
meeting, Monday ebening, Feb. 12.
Members are requested to lie present
to help out the new officers. Meeting
commences at 7.4", sharp.
The members of Gardiner Oommandery
of tin- Golden Cross are anticipating a
very enjoyable time, Friday evening.
Feb. 9. at their regular meeting. Members
are requested to bring cake.
Mr. and Mrs. II. V-. Starrett, who have
been hoarding at the home of Mr. and
Mrs. E. A. Bird, Beeclt street, left
Thursday, for Skowhegan. Mr. Starrett
is a representative forThe Maine ltegister.
The commissioners met at the City
building, Thursday afternoon, and decided
to commit Melvin G. Morse to the
State Insane hospital at Augusta. Mr
Morse litis I.. suffering from a long
illness and it is thought he 4s despondent.
Mrs. John M. Towle of 44 Summer
street, aged 62, sustained a fracture of
the left hip, early Thursday morning, she
had just risen from bed, and was reaching
for in-r clothes, when in some way
she fell to the tloor. She had a shock
two years ago.
The room in the City building formerly
occupied by the city liquor agency is being
remodeled, and will be occupied bv
tin- city auditor and superintendent of
schools. The office upstairs now occupied
by ttie superintendent of schools ..as
been allotted to the alderman ui streets
Tile Ladies' Aid of the Randolph M. E.
church met, Wednesday, with Mrs. Grace
Trask. The next meeting will be held,
r.ext Wednesday afternoon, with Mrs
Dante) Brown. The ladies propose to
tart subscription papers soon for the
purpose of raising a fund sufficient lo pay
for having electric lights Installed In the
church. As the object Is a worthy one
tin- ladies should meet with no trouble in
rai-ing enough money to defray the bill
The Consumers League met.
Wednesday afternoon, with Us president,
Miss Della Collins. Mrs. Danf.irth
read the report of the last meeting.
It was voted to send a committee
lo interest the grocers, bakers, and
fruit dealers in protecting their wares
from dust, files, etc., as far as possible.
Mrs. Danforth read an account of a
shop girl's Christmas, taken from "Little
Miss HIS." Miss Collins Served tea.
and the meeting broke up after a
pleasant half hour.

Funeral of Late Mrs. Ray Blanchard.
The funeral of the late Mrs. Kay
Blanchard, who died in Boston, was
held, at 3 o'clock Thursday afternoon,
from the residence , of Fred Blanchard.
Chestnut street. Rev. Mr. Busk
of the Methodist church of this city
officiated. The floral tributes were
numerous and beautiful. Toe remains
were placed in Oak Grove tomb. The
bearers were Mr. Blanchard's brothers.
Frank. Maurice, Thomas and Roland
Blanch rd.
FARMINGDALE.
Lloyd Rouse recently fell and was
hurt quite badly.
Mrs. Ada Allen has been visiting her
sister a few duys.
Mrs. Robinson of Sheldon street has
gone to Boston for a few weeks.
The Ladies' Aid of the Methodist
church will hold a meeting, Friday,
Feb. 9, With Mrs. Cook, Lincoln avenue.
Merle Pockingdoff of Pittstnn was
a visitor in town, Thursday.
WEST GARDINER.
J. Henry Goodwin, an old and re■
spected citizen of this place, passed
away, very suddenly, Wednesday, at
his home on the Neck road, death being
due to paralysis. His age was SO
years, 1 month and 20 days. Funeral
services will be hold at 1 P. M., Saturday.
A Warning.
To feel tired after exertion' is one
thing; to feel tired before is another.
Don't say the latter is laziness-it
isn't; hut it's, a sign that the system
lacks vitality, is running down, and
needs the tonic effort of Hood's Sarsaparilla.
It's a warning, too-and sufferers
should begin taking Hood's at once.
Buy a bottle today.
Children Cry
FOR FLETCHER S
CASTO R 1 A
TheOakland
5c. Cigar 5c.
NO SUPERIOR, FEW EQUAL.
Geo. B. fil.itt Cc., Mfg , Gardiner, M».
itS