Webster's New Illustrated
Dictionary Coupon
February 9,1912
Don't Forget Postage (22 cents) if to be forwarded by mail.

Cut out the above coupon, with five oth ers of different "f" style of
them at this office, with the expense bonus amount herein set oppo.lte any .^ty^eoi
Dictionary sebchd i which covers the Items of the cost°fpit "£re" ir??
the factory, checkine, clerk hire ami other necessary EXPKNbL, Items), and re
celve your choice or these three book**

The $4.00 WEBSTER'S New Illustrated DICTIONARY
la bound in full Limp Leather, flexible, stamped in gold on back and
•ides, printed on Bible paper, with red edges and corners rounded;
beautiful, strong, durable. Besides the general contents as described
elsewhere there are maps and over tiUO subjects beauti- Pxnen««
fully Illustrated by three-cclor plates, numerous subjects B .
by monotone, 16 pages of valuable charts in two colors, 5 °
and the late United States Census. Present at this office QO _
• ix coupons of different dates a;,d the. •••••• ..

The $3.00 Webster'* New lllustrated
Dictionary.
It 1* exactly the same as the J4 09
book, except in the style of bindIng-which
is in half leather, with
olive edges and with square corners.
SIX coupons of different
dates and the
Expense fll
Bonus of O 1
Any Book by Mail 22c.

The $2.00 Webster's iMew lllus*
trated Dictionary
Is In plain cloth binding, stamped
In gold and black; has same
puper, same illustrations, but all
of the colored plates and charts
are omitted. SIX coupons of different
dates and the
48c
Extra for Postage.

ALL GUESSING.
(Continued from Page One.)
ti**; but as he is well known to many of
the leading people of Germany, he. win
doubtlessly have general conversations on
the political situation and the relations
between the two countries."
SIX POWERS.
(Continued from Page One.)
-
effpct have appeared in the public press
of various countries.
"It is therefore evident to this government
that all the Powers have up to the
present, by common consent, not only
refrained from independent action and
intervening in China's internal affairs,
but have acted in full accord with their
mutual assurances that they would respect
its integrity and sovereignty.
"If, however, contrary to all expectations,
any further steps should prove
necessary, this government is tirm in the
conviction that the policy of the concerted
action after full consultation by the
Powers should and would be maintained
in order to exclude from the beginning
all possible misunderstandings.
"Moreover, this government has telt
it to be a corollary of the policy of strict
neutrality hitherto pursued by commo.i
accord with inspect to loans to China to
look with disfavor upon loans by its
nationals unless assured that such loans
would be of neutral effect as between the
contending factions, as it has also felt
that the present was an occasion where
there might be Invoked with peculiar appropriateness
the principle of the leading
governments deterring their nationals
from making loans not approved as
to their broad policy by their own governments
in consultation with the othei
Interested Powers."
GERMANY IS IN ACCORD.
Believe* in Views Set Forth in German-American
Notes.
Berlin, Feb. 8.-It is hoped and conndenti.v
believed here that the GermauAmerican
notes setting fortli the views
of the two governments regarding conditions
in China will lead to formal declarations
by all the interested Powers
on the same lines. Germany, from me
beginning of the disorders in China, lias
taken the same stand as the I nited
Stules, and lias expressed her accord
with the suggestions for a common policy
In China which states Secretary
Knox has submitted several times to tne
Powers. The latest steps were taken on
German initiative but the credit belongs
equally to the Washington state department.
Count Von Bernstorff, the tierman
ambassador at Washington, acted In
full accord with State Secretary Knox
In submitting the original German note
which elicited American reply. The newsj
wipers here make a feature of the notes,
today. The Kreuz Zeitung sees in them
a warning that certain Powers which are
seeking special advantages In China must
count on joint German and American
opposition to their plans.

CRITICISES TREATY.
Ex-Minister Pichon Won't Support
Franco-German Agreement.
l'arts, Feb. 8.-M. Pichon, ex-minister
of foreign aiiairs, during a discussion of
the Franco-German agreement in th.Kenate.
today, delivered a trenchant critirisin
of the treaty and declared that he
would not vote for its ratification. He
described it as a bad bargain for Franc -.
In exchange for the gravest sacrifices,
ttie nation had got Morocco, tie said, hut
so heavily mortgaged as to be of little
use. lie took the gloomiest view of the
future and feared that the protectorate
in Morocco would prove much more costly
in men and money than calculated at
present
The change in the Moroccan policy, he
continued, was subjecting the existing relations
between tile great l'owers to a
severe strain. He was sun- that Premier
Poincare's great aim was the preservaA
new series of stories by
"Dooley"
The first will appear in next
Sunday's Boston Globe. Read
Mr. Dooley
"ON THE EDUCATION OF
WOODROW WILSON"
m next Sunday's Boston Globe.
ftbudlt

tion of peace; he had the fullest conll*
dence in him, but he feared that the
problems arising from recent events
would prove an excessively heavy burden
for the country, whose strength would oe
diminished by the dissemination of its
forces in Africa.
Tlie llrst duty of the nation, the exforeign
minister said, was to strengthen
In every way its alliances and friendships,
for, he added, "we are far from
being safe from tempests. We must take
heed of disquieting rumors w'hich reach
us and keep up our military strength,
supporting It with diplomacy, so we may
not be at the mercy of every wind."
LITTLE PROGRESS.
(Continued from Page tine.)
barge signalled the tug Monocacy.
which was towing her.
In his sparrh of the craft. Sergeant
McCausland asked De Graff if a vest
and a pair of trousers he had found
belonged to him. According to the
witness, the defendant denied at first
that they were his, but later admitted
that he ves was his property. McCausland
said the only weapons he
found were a hammer and a hatehet.
A member of the crew, William Nilsen,
testified later In the day that ho
had seen the defendant cutting meat
with a cleaver. The witness was positive
that it was not the hatchet found
by the police officer.
noth N'ilsen and the other member
of the crew, Antonio Prlsklch, fold of
their movements on the day of the
murder. When the captain failed to
appeal1 for supper, Priskieh said that
he tried to induce lte Graff to call him,
and wanted to know why the commander
remained below. De Graff
could offer no explanation and finally
the witness and the defendant went into
Oapt. Wyman's cabin. Priskieh described
his seeing blood on the floor
and viewing the eaptalfTs form, which
was covered by a blanket. De GralT,
the witness said, asked that the body
be left where it was until the boat was
hoarded in Boston, and this was done.
FOR CONTEMPT.
(Continued from Page One.)
This referred to J. W. Van Cleaves,
president of the National Manufacturers.
When asked to explain it, he
said it was a figure of speech.
President Gompers was eveused
from tile witness stand to permit John
Mitchell to testify. Mr. Mitchell said
under oath that he did not sign editorials
end circulars from the American
Federationlst in the boycott case
from which ills sentence for contempt
arose, but he did not disclaim co-responsibility
for them. He was asked
about his speeches at Toronto and Indianapolis
in which he scored the injunction
issued by Justice Gould and
the sentences for contempt imposed by
Justice Wright.
Mr. Mitchell looked intently into the
face of Justice Wright as he began. Ho
spoke quietly, but feelingly.
"When I was sentenced to nine months
in prison," he said, "I felt it keenly. It
was under peculiarly trying circumstances
that 1 discussed it afterward. 1
felt then, and feel now, that this court
had no right, and should not have the
right, to sentence men to prison for contempt.
"it was for the rights of tlie American
workingmen I spoke. 1 wanted to arouse
my fellow-workmen to tlie crisis which
is developing in ttiis country because of
tlie abuse of the Injunction power, which,
in my opinion, lias done much to lessen
the confidence of tlie people in the integrity
of tlie courts."
Mr. Mitchell admitted authorship of a
book and a speech before the National
Civic Association in which lie expressed
the opinion that injunctions invading legal,
moral and constitutional lights
should lie resisted and disobeyed.

A HURRAH.
(Continued from Page One.)
. --i-. =a'
tiani! (J eU Intire of Waterford, representing
Oxford county; William F. Curran
of Hanger, representing Penobscot
county; Fred W. Hartnett of
Hath, representing Sagadahoc eount.
; Hon. Albert F. Donlgnn of Bingham,
representing Somerset county;
I'.ben F. Eittlc field of Belfast, representing
Waldo county; Elisha VV.
i Pike of F.astport, representing Washi
ington county; Charles M. sleeper of
! South Berwick, representing York
j county.
i Other iirominent Democrats present
! were: Cyrus W. Davis and Dr. E. P.
Jones, Watervllle; Judge Fred Emery
Beane, Hajlhwcll; lion. F. B. Winslow,
Portland; Charles E. Turgeon, Auburn:
Willis Y. Patch, Bangor; Alfred S.
Kimball, Norway; Andrew p. Havey,
Sullivan; 1„. L Cooper, Augusta; \V.

S. Humu'wdl. Pittsfield: L E. Meintire,
Waterford.
The fact that the Democratic State
committee is to be held at Augusta on
tiie day before the assembling of the
le gislature a rtf! that members of tlie
t'nited .States Senate and congressmen
are to be invited to tie present would
seem to indicate that the members of
the State committee are seeking by
making as big a hurrah as possible to
divert the attention of the rank and
file ot the party from the unpopularity
of a special session of the Legislature.
Brutal Murder of
fO=year=old Girl.

Grand Island, Neb., X.-The discovery,
today, of the body of 10-year-old
Goldie Williams added impetus to the
search for the stranger, who enticed
her away, Tuesday. A stranger, answering
the description of a suspected
peddler, was arrested in Aurora, this
morning, but was released before the
local officers arrived. «tfficers are now
persuing him. i
A man was arrested, today, on suspicion
and identified by the little sister
of the dead girl as the one who told
her to go home and tell her mother
Goldie would come soon. This identification
was upset by a person who had
talked with the stranger and the suspect
was released.
Meat Packers
Knew the Plans.
Chicago, Feb. X.-Testimony tending
to show that Louis F. Swift, Edward
F. Swift, Charles H. Swift and Francis
A. Fowler, described as the Swift
group of defendants, had personal
knowledge of the test cost and margin
system which the government declares
played an important part in the operation
of the alleged combination in restraint
of trade was given at the trial
of 10 packers, today.
William G. Hopkins, invoice clerk for
the company for 17 years, testified that
he had charge of figuring the test cost
of beef for 12 years and received his
instructions from John M. Chaplin,
head of the department. Arthur F.
Rogers, head of the discount sales department
of Swift & Co., said that the
weekly summaries on the test cost and
margins were sent by him to Louis F.
Swift, Edwin F. Swift. Charles H,
Swift and Francis A. Fowler.
Lee M. Lester, assistant manager of
Swift & Co's. (Vcssed beef department,
testified that he received his instructions
from the four defendants, who
were officers of the company.
CAPITAL JOTTINGS.
The ratification of the pending arbitration
treaties with Great Britain and
France, though "lame and impotent as
an obligation to peacefully settle disputes,"
was urged Tjefore the Senate,
Thursday, by Senator Works of California.
He declared that if the representatives
of the three great powers
had intended to exclude from the terms
of the agreement every dispute that a.
nation was likely to go to war about,
they could not have done It more effectually.
James J. Hill, chairman of the directorate
of tile Great Northern Railroad
has been served with u subpoena at
Jekyle island, Ga., to testify before the
Stanley steel investigating commute \
next Monday, regarding the so-called Hill
lease of the Lake .Superior ore fields to
the United States Steel Corporation, and
in relation to the company's transportation
facilities.
President Taft's selection for the vacancy
of the supreme court benchbelieved generally in Washington to
be Secretary of Commerce and Labor
Nagel-ill be discussed and probably
ratified, Friday, at the regular meeting
for the cabinet. Already the President
has considered the appointment of a
successor to the late Justice Harland
with four of the five lawyers in the
cabinet and at Friday's meeting he
will take it up with his entire official
family. #Little doubt was expressed.
Friday night, tltat Mr. Nagel would
received the appointment.

CONDENSED DISPATCHES.
Charles W. Tumblinson, superintendent
ut' the Elks National Home at
Bedford City. Vu., died. Thursday, as
the result of a stroke of paralysis
sustained, a week ago. He was 55
years of age and a member of the Baltimore.
Mil., Lodge. The burial will be
in Baltimore.
Announcement was made, Thursday
night, at Spencer. Mass., that Myron
A. Young, president of Isaac Prouty
& Co., one of the largest shoe-making
concerns in the United States, had resigned.
He will be succeeded by
Charles N. Prouty. Mr. Young made
no public statement, regarding his resignation.
Carlos Philip Degen, who, for 34
years, sold the entire output of his
"one man brewery1' over his own
counter, died, Thursday, at San Antonio,
Tex., aged 87. Degen's beer was
declared in a report by the United
States department of agriculture to be
the purest in the country. Degen was
offered large sums by leading American
brewers for his process, but refused
to part with it. .Since 1878 he
ha 1 conducted a brewery in one room
of a quaint old building on Crockett
street which was visited by thousands
of tourists.
The New York State Grange. Thursday.
at Auburn, adopted resolutions
endorsing the Oregon plan for professional
selection of delegates to National
political conventions which
nominate candidates for President and
Vice President from the candidates for
these offices. The resolutions ordered
that this plan be considered as one of
the legislative principles of the order
"to lie prosecuted to a successful finish.
Seventy-live survivors of the Union
corps which fought at Roanoke Island
50 years ago. Thursday, met, Thursday
night, ut New York for the last
reunion dinner they will ever hold. For
40 years these veterans have met annually
as the Itoanoke Association to
celebrate the first important Union
victory of tile Civil War. but now, feeling
the weight of the passing yearsfor all of them are well beyond three
score and ten-they have found it
necessary to give up the celebration in
the future.

TAFT HEADQUARTERS WILL
BE OPENED IMMEDIATELY
At Washington and Chairman William B.
McKinley of Republican Congression=
al Campaign Committee Will Have
Charge of President's Affairs. *

Washington, Feb. 'Tuft headquarters
are to be opened here immediately
and Representative William li. McKinley
of Illinois, chairman of the Republican
Congressional Campaign
committee, will be in charge of the.
President's political interests, from
now until the Chicago convention.
This announcement was made, tonight.
Mr. Taft's friends have advised such
a step, but no action was taken until
the pressure of political work became
so great that Secretary Hilles found it
almost insupportable.
In his capacity as chairman of the
Republican Congressional committee,
Mr. McKinley will have exceptional
means of keeping in close touch with
political affairs throughout the country.
The headquarters will be opened as
soon as suitable quarters can be found
and these probably will be within easy
hail of the White House.
Mr. McKinley announced his intention,
this evening, ol holding a series
of conferences at once. 'Mr. McKinley
subsequently said
"The appointment (ante to me as a
surprise. I cannot make any prediction.
tonight, except to reiterate what
Sec. Hilles has already said, that the
re-nomination of Mr. Taft is assured.
"Tlie idea now is to arrange, within
a few days, for a central bureau from
which tlie country will be informed in
a thorough manner as to what the administration
has accomplished. There
will be no attacks on other candidates
nor intriguing; it will be an open campaign.
Mr. Taft will stand on the record
of his administration and the record
ot his party.

REFERENDUM FOR OHIO.
Supporters Win Decisive Victory in
Constitutional Conventions.
Columbus, Ohio. Feb. 8.-After hear'iift
an address, today, by Gov. Harmon
in which he took strong: ground against
incorporating a clause providing for a
state-wide initiative and referendum
in the new constitution, supporters of
the proposed initiative anil referendum
plank won a decisive victory in the ;
constitutional conventions a few hours j
late;.
The governor said in his address i
that the idea*of direct legislation still '
is in an experimental stage and that
Ohio would do well to at least wait till ,
i: had bPen given a thorough trial in ]
other states. He defined his own position
on the subject as being the atti- :
Hide of "the man from Missouri."
Tlte declaration of the governor caused
a sensation among the delegation sup- j
porting the initiative and referendum
coming as it did when the convention
was about to take up for consideration a
resolution which had been introduced by
Delegate HulfltiU of Allen county. Tin
Halfhill resolution, backed by opponents
of the Initiative and referendum, proposed
censure of President Bigelow for having
obtained pledges from many memberto
abide by caucus action on that subject.

After Gov. Harmon's speeech and r.t
tip* close of an acrimonious debate tin
convention tabled the resolution. The
vote stood 60 to 45. President Bigelow led
i lie debate on the resolution, declaring
that it was being supported by "reaoloinaries."
In his speech Gov. Harmon also urged
the convention to provide home rule tor
cities in the state, and urged that the
question of licensing saloons ho left to
the various communities themselves fot
a settlement. I
NOT MAKING SPEECHES.
Col. Roosevelt's Reason for Declining j
to Address Kentucky Legislature. '
Frankfort. Ky., Feb. 8.-That he is not
making speeches at the present time was
the reasen given by former President
Roosevelt for declining *to address the
Kentucky Legislature. In a communication
received, today, from Col. Roosevelt
he thanks the Legislature for the invitation,
hut explains he is unable to come
to Frankfort.

NOT A DESERTER.
Caid That Roosevelt Will Stand by
Cause of Progressives.
New York, Feb. 8.-"1 don't believe
that even my bitterest enemies .will say
that T was ever a deserter." Col. Roosevelt
told A. P. Moore, publisher of the
Pittsburg leader, toda>, according to
an interview given out. this afternoon,
by Mr. Moore. "You can say to the
Progressives," Mr. Roosevelt is quoted
by Mr. Moore as saying, "that I will
not desert the cause and that they will
find me lighting side by side with thenl
to the finish."
McKinley chosen chairman.
Illinois Representative Re-Elected by
Republican Congressional Committee.
Washington, Feb. 8.-Rep. William
R. McKinley of Illinois was, today, reelected
chairman of the Republican
congressional committee. These other
officers woer elected: Representative
Chas. H. Burke of South Dakota, vice
chairman; Rep. J. H. Moore of Pennsylvania,
secretary, succeeding the
late H. C. I.oudenslager of New Jersey;
Rep. George W. 'Fairchild of New
York, treasurer; Rep. William J.
Browning of New Jersey, auditor,
Henry Casson of Wisconsin, asstlstsistunt
secretary; John C. Evrrsnwn,
Illinois, assistant treasurer; Francis
('urtls of Massachusets, director of bile
literary ban au.
Resolutions on the death of Mr. bo«denslager
were adopted.
Harmony prevailed in the meeting.
Rep. F. P. Woods of Iowa, an Insurgent.
. placed Chairman McKinley in nomination.
Mr. McKinley declared he expected
there would be a Republican majority
of 41 in the House under the reapportlontnent.
| The following members were appointed

to the executive committee: Reps.
Charles H. Burke, South Dakota; Geo.
H. Utter, Rhode Island; Frank i\ Woods,
Iowa; James H. Davidson, Wisconsin;
.1. Hampton Moore, Pennsylvania; John
W. Weeks, Massachusetts; H. F. Helveson,
North Dakota; Richard Bartholdt,
Missouri; Geo. W. Fairchild, New York,
and J. C. Needham, California.
"SPLIT" DELEGATIONS
From Southern States to Be Prevented
At Republican Convention.
Washington, Feb. 8.-"Split" delegations
from the Southern states at
the Chicago Republican convention
and the avoidance of contests there
will be prevented, if possible, by C. D.
Ililles. secretary to the President. Mr.
Hilles, who is in active charge of the
Taft campaign has, therefore, summoned
to Washington leaders of the
Republican party in the South. Today.
Mr. Hides took up the situation
In Alabama, .with Republican National
Committeeman Baker and State Chairman
Long. It was understood that
thev were instructed to lay any functional
differences they may have had.
Coming on the heels of Mr. Taft's talk
with Virginia and West Virginia leaders.
today's events were taken to indicate
t,he intention of the President
and his friends to "tie up" all the
Southern delegations possible. Mr.
Hides declined, tonight, to say whether
more Southern partv leaders would
be summoned to the White House in
the near future.

Hawaii Solid for Taft.
\ Honolulu, Feb. 8.-At u meeting
here. Wednesday night, under the auspices
of the Republican territorial
central committee resolutions thnt
Hawaii's delegates to the Republican
National convention be instructed to
vote for the nomination of President
Taft were carried unanimously.
Exciting Time in
Lorimer Hearing.
Washington, Feb. 8.-A mild sensation
was caused at today's hearing of
the committee investigating Senator
I.orirncr's right to his scat, when Miss
Helen leavers, telegraph operator in
a local hotel, testiiied that two weeks
ago, Kdward Hines, the millionaire
lumberman, offered her money to let
him see a telegram Detective Hailey
had just sent to H. R. Kerr. Under
cross-examination she said that it was
not meant as a tip. The telegram announced
a postponement of the hearing.
Miss Weavers swore that a few
minutes after Bailey sent the message
Hines came to her booth and asked to
see the message just sent to Kerr, saying:
" I will give you something if you
will let me see it'. "
The witness said that Hines had
money in his hand, because she faw
"the green" and that she shut the
money drawer because she did not
want him to drop the money in there.
Physical hostilities were threatened
when Miss Weavers described a visit
paid to her by Detective Bailey and
Attorney Healy associated with Attorney
Marble in representing the committee
in regard to the* Hines incident.
"Did anybody else hold the money
in their hands while they were talking
with you on that occasion-while Mr.
Healy and Mr. Bailey were talking
with you?" inquired Attorney Hanecev.
"That is a gratuitous insult," flashed
Attorney Healey. Attorney Hanecv retorted
that lie wanted it understood that
Kdward Hines was not the only one who
could be insulted in the hearing. Attorney
Healey sprang to his feet to demand
a ruling.
"if that Insinuation about the attorney
for this committee It true I should bo
driven from its doors as unfit to represent
t," he shouted excitedly.
Chairman Dillingham suggested that no
Insult had been intended, but Senator
Leas and others protested.
Attorney Marble enlivened the already
tempestuous proceedings by declaring Attorney
Hanecy's remarks assumed money
was in sight and that it was a "trick
question.
"He would not make that remark outside
the committee room and I protest
lie be not allowed to make it here,
snapped Mr. Hanecy.
The committee struck out Mr. Hanecy's
question containing Mr. Healey s
name but held that it was not a trick
question. The witness was asked if she
was ever given tips, and responded:
"Once in a long time."
In a statement issued shortly after the
adjournment of the committee, Jlines explicitly
denied Miss Weavers' testimony.
The statement read:
"I did not, directly or indirectly, ofTer
the girl money or any other Inducement
to see the telegram, and had no money
of any kind in my hand at the time. The
whole story is an absurd fabrication,
I concocted by the Burns detectives."

The conferees of the two Houses or
| Congress on the joint resolution pro[
vidlng for the election of senators, by
direct vote have decided to report a
disagreement after six months of effort
to get together. The report will
nto be made, however, until friends
of the resolution feel sure of the presence,
in the Senate of all its supporters.
The disagreement is over the Bristow
amendment retaining the supervision
of Congress and there will be a motion
in the Senate to recede from that
provision.
• itoberi G. Fowler, the ocean-toocean
flyer, officially finished his long
; trip by aeroplane across the continent,
j at 4.45 P. M., Thursday, when he landed
at Moncrief park. Fowler left San
! Francisco for New York on a prize
1 race. Sept. 11. 1911. hut met with ae|
cidents.

LAWRENCE STRIKE.
(Continued from Page One.)

ber ot workers, although their plants are
running on a greatly reduced, basis, but
the strike leaders say that not enough
operatives have returned to make any
material difference.
The majority of the strikers, today, did ,
not manifest so much interest in the efforts
being made to end the strike as
they did in the preparations for the hearing
to be given their leader, Jos. J. Ettor
of New York, who, with his lieutenant.
Antonio Giovannitti, also of New
York, will be brought before Judge J. ,1.
Mahoney in the police court, tomorrow,
to answer to a charge of being accessories
to tile murder of Anna Loplzzo, Who
was killed during a strike riot, Jan. 29.
The government has summoned as witnesses
several newspaper men who attended
tile meetings addresses by Kttor
and Giovannitti. Among other witnesses
summoned are William I >. Haywood, the
Western labor leader, who is assisting
tile strikers, and William T. Trautmnnn
of Chicago, one of the national organizers
of the Industrial Workers.
A member of the weavers' delegation to
the general committee of the 1. W. VS.
outlined some of the grievances of the
weavers to the legislators.
Some of the grievances were that m
order to make the premium a weaver «.aJ
to make :;6o cuts in the month, and a
day's absence meant the loss of the premium.
If a weaver makes *40 for a period
of four weeks he is supposed to get
a 5 per cent, premium; if lie makes $44 his
premium is 10 per cent.; and if he makes
$48 he gets a 15 per cent, premium. The
delegate said that there was one occasion
where a weaver made $55.56 and only got
a 10 per cent, premium. He said that the
usual amount was 5 per cent. Another
grievance was the fine system.
The weaver reported. that on a cut of
cloth marked $3.75 he was fined $-' when It
would not cost a single cent to mend the
deficiency. Another weaver said that In
some of the mills the warps were being
constantly changed, causing the weaver
to remain idle a greater part of the day.
and consequently losing on both pay and
premium, lie said that his average weekly
pay for the past year as a weaver
was $8.12.

Many otner grievances aireany iimue
known in the papers and at the different
strike committee meetings were talked
of and noted by the' executive committee.
The visitors then asked the strikers if
they would be willing to meet the mill
men In the event that the other part of
the executive committee at Boston should
succeed-in getting the mill men to acquiesce
in a conference with the strikers
Haywood and the others promptly sail
that they saw no reason why they should
reject the opportunity of a conference
with the mill men, nut stipulated that
the latter be ready to do business. The'
legislators replied that they would let
them know the result of the Boston conference
as soon as possible so that the
strikers can bring the matter before their
committee at the private session to be
held in Franco-Belgian hall, tomorrow
morning. A member of the strikers' committee
said that they would not stand
for any third party coming into the master.
The legislative committee asked about
the loom fixers und others not affiliated
with the I. W. VV., and Haywood replied
that they were "not in It."
Anottier member of the committee said
that they would be left out In the cold
"We, and we only, are the strikers," said
Haywood. A general statement was made
for the benefit or the executive committee
to the effect that when the mills open
again, if the hopes of the I. W. W. are
realized, every mill operative in the city
will get a raise in his pay of 15 per cent.
\ letter from Samuel Gompers, president
of tile American Federation of
I.abor, announcing the action of the
executive council of the Federation in
approving the plan of the Central Labor
Union here In raising money for
the strikers was received, tonight, by
James R. Menzie, treasurer of th
Central Union. The letter follows:
"Upon receipt of a request from
John Golden, president of the United
Textile Workers of America, for endorsement
of the appeal to be issued
by the Textile Workers in behalf of
th.e textile workers of Lawrence. I immediately
submitted the proposition to
ihe executive council of the American
Federation of Labor for endorsement.
I have, today, sent the following tele|
gram to Mr. Golden:
I "The executive council of the American
Federation ot Labor approves the
statement issued < in regard to the
textile workers' strike in Lawrence.
Labor and our friends will promptly
and generously respond. May success
attend the protest, the strike and the
movement. You may use this endorsement
as your circular appeal.
(Signed) executive Council A. F.
of L.
• SAMUEL GOMPERS, President.
"FRANK MORRISON. Secretary.
"You will find enclosed check in response
to the appeal. •
■ With every wish for success, and
hoping to hear from you whenever
convenient, .1 am,
"Fraternally yours,
(Signed) SAMUEL GOMPERS.
President American Federation of Labor."
The amount of the check enclosed
was not made public by Mr. Menzie.
Labor leaders here say that this action
by the executive committee of the
Federation insures strong financial
support of the strike.
NO CONFERENCE, THURSDAY.
Mill Owners and Employes' Committee
May Get Together, Friday.
Boston, Feb. 8.-There was no general
conference, tonight, of the members of

Sale slats (si fiooa Beaut.
Don't hurry your meals.
Don't eat when overtired, rest a few
moments before gating. It will pay
you.
Don't borrow time for work that
belongs to rest or sleep.
| Don't neglect the first symptoms of
illness or disordered digestion.
I Don't allow the bowels to become
1 constipated, but if you are so unfortunate,
don't delay taking one or two
teaspoonfuls of "I*. F." Atwood's
Medicine or Bitters on retiring at night.
They have a record of sixty years and
never fail to relieve constipation and
biliousness.
All dealers have them in large bottles
for thirty-five cents. Be sure to get the
"L. F." UnA A generous sample
' mailed free on request by the "L. F."
Medicine Co., Portland Me.

the special legislative committee, which
spent the day in consultation with both
parties to the Lawrence strike with a
view' to bringing about a settlement of
tlie difficulties.
The four members who interviewed tl>o
mill representatives at the Boston office
nf one of the mills returned to the State
House, late in the afternoon, and then
departed for their homes. Some time
later the members who bad gone to Lawrence
to meet the representatives of the
mill workers also returned to Boston. Jt
is expected the two sub-committees will
get together, tomorrow' morning, and
compare "the results of their endeavors.
It is understood, tonight, that the position
of the mill owners is that they are
willing to meet with a committee representing
their employes now on strike,
providing the size of the committee Is
limited to no more than five members.

SIZE OF COMMITTEE
Seems Only Block to Conference of
Owners and Employes.
Lawrence, Mass.. Feb. 8.-Only a disagreement
as to the size of a committee
of conference seemed to stand in the
way. tonight, of an early meeting between
the mill owners and their operatives,
about 15,000 of whom have been
on strike for a month. The strike committee
of the Industrial Workers of the
World, the organization which has controlled
the strike from the outset, announced,
tonight, that it was willing to
enter a conference with-the mill owners
hut insisted that 10 members be present
from each side, the mill owners, it is
understood on good authority, stand
ready to confer with a committee of the
strikers over the latter's grievance, out
declare that the number present at such
a conference shall noi exceed five on
each side. Both sides object to the presence
of any third party and the most
that any mediators can do, it is beiievcd,
tonight, is to arrange the details of meeling.
To Guard Well the B^pder.
San Antonio, Tex., Feb. k-sDetails of
plans for the accommodation of at least
1000 troops at different points in the state
are being perfected. Although no official
order has been received for this great
movement of troops, yet preparations for
their accommodation are practically complete.
CONDENSED DISPATCHES.
The hill for the revision of the state
tax l-iwst prepared by a joint committee
which has been investigating the
subject for three years, was passed
by the Rhode Island House, Thursday,
79 to 17, after a spirited debate. Many
Democrats joined with Republicans in
voting for the measure which provides
complete new law regarding taxation
of public service corporations and others.
it i* expected that the Senate will
act favorably upon the bill.
United States Senator Charles Culberson
of Texas and Mayor Gaynor were principal
speakers at a tariff reform dinner of
the National Democratic Club, Thursday
night, in New Yolk City. The keynote
of the evening was a quotation from Grover
Cleveland: "The taxation of luxuries
presents no features of hardship; btit
the necessaries of life, used and consumed
by all the people, the duty upon
w hich adds to the cost of living in every
home, should be greatly cheapened."

luiumiiuT iuiiimrn.i,u
organization In 27 seaboard cities from
Virginia to Maine, which met, Thursday,
in New York City, announced Its plan
j of working for amendment of the interstate
commerce act so as to empower the
Interstate Commerce Commission to establish
branch offices in various cities,
with agents in charge, authorized to act
for the commission. It is proposed that
In case of controversy between shippers
and railroads, the agents act, with the
consent of both parties, as mediators or
arbitrators. Said D. O. Ives of the Bosi
ton Chamber of Commerce, who presided:
"The idea is to bring the shippers
and railroads closer together."
Asphyxiation by illuminating gas cuused
the death of Mrs. Eugene Peas, aijed
j 60 years, at rittsfleld, Mass., although
| there was no gas pipe in the house. Mrs.
Oscar Herman and her 8-year-old son,
who lived downstairs in the same house,
were also overcome, but were saved by
the timely arrival of Mr. Herman, who.
on returning to dinner, found his wife
and boy unconscious on the floor. Mrs.
Pease, who had no near relatives, was
known to have a horror of gas and ha t
said that she never would live in a house
where there was a gas pipe. It is believed
that the gas leaked into the house
from a broken pipe in the street.
At a Joint meeting, Thursday, at
New Orleans, of the executive committee
of the Internationa! Sunday School
Association, National Sunday School
Secretaries and the Sunday School
Field Workers' organization, a committee
of seven members was appointed
to formulate plans for a continentwide
Sunday school crusade. This proposal
met \v 1th the almost unanimous
approval of the delegates of the three
associations and it was decided that
it would be necessary to raise a fund
of several thousand dollars to carry
out the plans of the proposed campaign.
Some opposition to the specific
plan developed • and W. N. Hartshorn
of Boston, president of the International
Sunday School Association, cautioned
conservative action.
At a public meeting of 600 of the 1800
depositors of the Windsor Locks' Savings
Bank, Thursday night, at Windsor
Locks,»Ct., a statement from the
directors of the bank was read which
was to the effect that an examination
of the books of A. W. Converse, former
treasurer of the bank, showed
$36,000 unaccounted for from 1871 to
1891. That sum with interest would
bring the loss to the bank up to approximately
*135,000. The books have
still to be gone over for 30 years more,
to cover tho time of Converse's service.
C. W. Dutcher, the expert accountant,
w ho is going over the. bank's accounts,
stated that he thought that tho hank
was solvent.
The longshoremen's strike at Boston
was not settled, Thursday, at the conference
of the steamship agents and
longshoremen representatives. although
several propositions looking to.
ward a settlement were made on both
sides. No intimation ns to how far
the .proceedings had advanced was
given out, but it was said another
conference would be hel^, Monday. In
the meantime, the longshoremen will
hold several meetings. The fact that
the steamship agents were, Thursday,
receiving local freight on the docks,
which, resulted in the streets being
Jammed with teams about the waterfront.
was taken by many to indicate
an early settlement of the difficulties.