EXPRESS BILL.
(Continued from rage One.)
jnent control could take place In a
day and the business* continue on the
morrow with visible change to the
public in the effectiveness of tin servlet.
Tie expects to create sentiment
In favor of the bill with the argument
flint rates based upon the ciuantlty
and distance of service performed
would work no discrimination
against any business, wherever located.
and that the system provided
would meet tin opposition urged
against the proposed "parcels tost
calling for a flat rate, which small
merchants say would work to the advantage
of large mail order houses.
While the bill introduced, today,
does not tlx rat. -*. Senator Oarrtncr
gives figures showing that express
charges in litis country arc now lti
times freight charges and indicating
that under the postal system this ratio
could tie reduced to about 5 1-2-to
1 and ;it the same time the express
business would Ik- extended to the entire
country.
\ bill which would direct the Interstate
Commerce Commission to mak.
valuation of all the express, telegraph
and telephone companies in tile i nited
States and that the President take
steps to secure ownership by the government
of all sueh properties, was
Introduced, today, by Rep. S.abath of
Illinois.
INTERESTING, INDEED!
(Continued fr-m Page One.)
The colonel's letter to President Taft
asking to be placed in command of a
regiment in the event of trouble in
Mexico was addressed: "Dear Will,
according tp those who say they saw
the document.
President Taft's reply was addressed
: "Dear Theodore." It said according
to reports that the colonel's proposal
was "very interesting, indeed"
but that the possibility of American
intervention was too remote a con -
tingency to be considered at the time
in any way.
A DENUNCIATION
Of Recall of Judiciary and Defence of
Taft by Cong. Weeks.
Portland, Me., Feb. 26.-Denunciation
of the recall of the judiciary and dofence
of President Taft's administration
were the features of the speech of Congressman
John W. Weeks, of Massachusetts
before the Portland Club, this evening.
Of the recall he said: "It is reactionary;
it is a return to the old and
discredited form of popular government.
al law shall give place to the public
whim of the moment; that is, shall be
construed as the demagogues' demands.
It savors of the chief characteristics of
decadent republics about to fall a prey
to some dictator."
In defending the present administration
Mr. Weeks recounted the many
things which it has accomplished.
LAWRENCE STRIKERS
SHOOT FROM AMBUSH,
(Continued From Page 3;
Its advocates demand
constitution

hard for the people to differentiate between
the poor fellow out on strike
and who Is entitled to consideration
and the fellow who skulks in the background
and puts women and children
forward to do his work. We are not
getting the right parties yet. All 1 can
do is treat with the cases that come
before me. Those who are doing tint
advising are resourceful. If they unchecked
in one direction they hit up
another plan that is even more desperate
and more distressing."
Lawrence, Muss., Feb. 26.-Stormy
scenes marked the la-ginning of tho
seventh week of the Lawrence textile
workers' strike, today. In an early
morning affair preceding an extended
demonstration, neurly a dozen stiots
were fired from tenement bouses upon
a squad of Metropolitan park police
und the officers returned the fire. Two
strike sympathizers were arrested as
a result of the shooting, one of them
being taken to the hospital with a bullet
wound In his back. More than 2<)
arrests were made in the early hours
of the dev for intimidations and disturbances.
ICssex street, the principal thoroughfare
of the city, was in a state of disorder
for half an hour while several
thousand women and men strikers and
theii friends paraded along the picket
line, booing the police and militia,
sinying the revolutionary song "LTnternatie.mle."
and creating a general
disturbsru. They crowded about tinrailroad
station as a demonstration
against me action of the police, Saturday.
in preventing the departure of
a number of children for Philadelphia.
No more children were sent out of
town today.
Turning back from the depot the
trowd became so noisy that a hurry
call wr.e sent for assistance to the police
on duty. The augmented force of
police amid much vo< d disturbance,
in which epithets v ere interjected Into
the booing, then begun t-- arrest members
of tne mob. The; picked out of
the crowd nearly a dozen men w oru
they claim were either disturbers, this
morning, or figured in previous outbreaks.
They were bundled into automobiles
that were kept running to and
between the police station and the
scenes of the arrests. One or two of

Safi Treatment for Headache.
The rational treatment for headache
Is to get at the cause, if possible, and
remove it. Headache is only a symptom
of trouble somewhere in the system,
and dosing with tablets or powders
containing acetanilid or other coal tar
derivatives which stop the pain tempo
rarily but weaken the heart, is at once
unsafe and unwise. The headache may
come from your eyes, then a good ocu
list can help you at once with propei
eyeglasses; but if it comes with furred
tongue, loss of appetite, nausea, and
constipation, it is usually the resul'
of disordered digestion, or torpid liver
and one or two doses of L. F. Atwood':
Medicine will speedily help you b;
carrying off impurities and restoring
the clogged digestive organs to thei
normal activity. In using this old re
liable remedy, you take no chances o
weakening the heart's action.
It has a record of sixty years as :
aafe headache remedy. The "L. F.'
Mtdiripe Co* Portland. Maine.

the men objected to arrest, but In only
one case was It necessary for an officer
to use his club on the objector's
head. Women were forced to move on,
frequently by the prod of the night
stick or other club, but no woman
war arrested In this demonstration,
which was not ended until the officers
had charged the crowd off Essex street
and out of tlie common half a mile
from the railroad station.
The mob then was forced to scatter
through the common and quiet
once more prevailed.
Today's demonstration was intended
to operate in connection with the call
issued. Saturday night, for a general
strike of all workers in Lawrence to
' tie up the town." But the "town was
not tied up. There was no response
to tho appeal and the mills retained
their operating strength. The women
and in n on picket duty were unusually
activi prior to the time of opening.
I Ins morning, and between a
dozen and a sort of pieketers wore
t iki n into custody for intimidation or
violence. Many of them were women,
who seemed to court arrest, but the
police avoided arresting them whenever
possible. That none of the metropolitan
police officers who were stationed
at the corner of Common and
Newbury streets were shot when fired
upon, early this morning, was considered
miraculous. Two volleys of
about nine shots were peppered at
them from behind windows in nearby
tenements. None was hit atid the
officers then returned the fire. When
they attempted to arrest two men
they were imet point blank by three
shots which did not take effect. The
two arrests were then made and it
was found that Carmelo Melag. one
of the men. was shot in the right
shoulder blade. He was taken to the
hospital. His condition is not serious.
Salvatore Bruno, upon whom a revolver
was found, was charged with
assault with intent to kill. The most
serious charge yet made against anyone
connected With the strikers, except
the murder complicity chargesg
against Joseph J. Ettor, the erstwhile
strike leader and his lieutenant. Giovannetti.
An interesting legal tight will take
place, tomorrow, when the mothers of
the children whose departure for Philadelphia
was prevented by the police,
Saturday, are brought into court on
charges of child neglect. The strike
leaders say that eminent counsel including
Louis Brandeis and George
Fred Williams of Boston have volunteered
their voices to defend the
strikers' claims that they are acting
within their legal rights in sending
the children out of the city. The prosecution
will be led by City Solicitor
Daniel J. Murphy, who has been
brought into the situation growing out
of the strike for tile first time.
The weavers are affiliated with the
industrial Workers of the World.
It was announced, today, by tin
strike leaders that 200 children of the
strikers would lie sent to Philadelphia,
tomorrow. They say that they
have received no further notification
from the authorities not to send away
more children, and that the railroad
tickets for the children whom they
intend to send away, tomorrow, have
been purchased.
The strikers, today, placed in ciri
uiation among the business men of
the city a petition asking that the
congressional committee on labor visit
Lawrence and get a personal Insight
into the conditions prevailing

Imre. *
The rity council adopted resolutions,
today, to the effect that Col. Sweetser
be asked to prevent any further
dances or public assemblies in the
mills. Since the strike started a number
or dances and other public meetinns
have been held in the mills
Xo further trouble occurred during
the morning hours.
The strike committee voted at its
meeting, today, to send a suit-committee
of three to Washington to acquaint
the foreign ambassadors as to
the manner in which foreigners are being
treated by the local authorities. It
was also voted to send a telegram to
President Taft requesting him as commander-in-chief
to order tin- with
drawal of the militia on tile claim that
the soldiers were sent here to break the
strike anti have been instrumental iu
keeping the citizens in terror.
It Is charged that some of the women
pickets arrested, today, wore attempting
to throw pepper into the eyes
of the mill workers.
Salvatore Bruno, arrested after, this
morning's shooting, was arraigned tiefore
Judge Mahoney in police court
charged in two counts with attempt t"
murder a police officer. He pleaded
not guilty, and was held under $14,000
bail, his case being continued 10 days.
Pratzo I)u Biuo, who was shot in the
shoulder, will be arraigned on a similar
charge as soon as he is able to appear
in court.

'
Congress Takes Up
Lawrence Strike.
Washington, Feb. 26.-The strike at
the Lawrence. Mass., mills occupied
the attention of both houses ol Congress.
President Taft and Attorney
General Wickersham, today. Two resolutions
directing an investigation of
renditions by federal authorities were
introduced, but no action was taken
uj>o: them.
However, at the request of Rep. Herger,
President Taft asked Atty. Gen
Wickersham to learn if any federal
laws had been violated by local authorities,
who prevented the removal
of children from the strike-ridden district.
The attorney general instructed
L'nited States Attorney French at Boston
to investigate.
Both houses of Congress rang with
speeches. Senator Poindexter of Washington.
just returned from a visit to
Lawrence, Introduced a resolution directing
an inquiry by the United States commissioner
of labor. He declared that
Lawrence was in the hands of "military
autocrats."
Senator Ballinger suggested that Mr.
Poindexter was "too impetuous.
Senator Lodge objected to any interference
with tiie affairs of his state, n
which he was supported by Senators
Bailey, Williams, Overman. Chilton an 1
; others. Senator Lodge read a telegram
saying that many of the children were
l being sent away to excite sympathy and
' did not belong to the persons sending
[ them.
' Senator Baiiev quoted Senator Tillman
as saying the strike at Lawrence had
revealed conditions in Massachusetts
:-irnilar to those in the slave states bl fore the Civil War. "They have substituted
white slavery for black slavery."
shouted Senator Tillman.

Webster's New Illustrated
Dictionary Coupon
February 27,1912
Don't Forgot Postage (22 cents) if to be forwarded by mail.
eeeM**eeeM«e«t«*»ee«»*e«e*e**ee»»*444

' i i ■ .■■■■ - ■ ■ . ....
Cut out the above coupon, with five oth era of different dates, and present
them at this office, with t lie expense bonus amount herein set opposite any style of
Dictionary selected (which covers the items of the cost of packing, express from
the factory, checking, clerk hire and other necessary EXPENSE Items), and receive
your choice of these three books

i
:
The |4.00 WEBSTER'S New Illustrated DICTIONARY
la bound In full Limp Leather, flexible, stamped In gold on back and
■ides, printed on Bible paper, with red edges and corners rounded;
beautiful, etrong, durable. Besides the general contents hb described
elsewhere there are maps and over 600 subjects beauttfully
illustrated by three-color plates, numerous subjects txpe *•
by monotone, 16 pages of valuable charts in two colors,
Bonus of
and the late United States Census. Present at this office
siv rnunnnfi of different dates and the.
98c.

Tha $3.00 Webster'* New Illustrated
Dictionary.
It if exactly the same as the Md
book, except In the style of blndlng-which
is in half leather, with
olive edges and with square corners.
SIX coupons of different
dates and the
Expense ni
Rr n ii* nfOiC

The $2.00 Webster's Mew lllua- <
trated Dictionary *
Is In plain cloth binding. stamped <
In gold and black; has same <
paper, same ('lustrations but all <
of the colored plates a-, l charts 4
are omitted. SIX coupons of dlf- 4
ferent dates and the <
Expense <'
Benue of TfOC V

X Any Book by Mail 22c. Extra for Postage. «

"The condition is no worse than under
the Democratic tariu," retorted Gallinger.
In tiie House, Representative Wilson
of Pennsylvania proposed a resolution
directing the committee on labor, of
which he is chairman, to investigate conditions
at Lawrence and appropriating
$10,000 for the work. It may be decided
by the rules committee, tomorrow.
Rep. Berger spoke on the subject and
read to the House a telegram from the
textile workers' strike committee, saying
a delegation of children and strikers
would come to Washington to appear
before the rules committee when it considers
the Wilson resolution. Berger
also has a resolution for an investigation
pending.
CONFERENCE AT STATE HOUSE.
Committee on Conciliation and Mill
Owners' Attorneys Meet. Monday.
Boston, Feb. 26.-The Lawrende strike
came up again at the State House, today,
when the special committee on conciliation
held a conference with the attorneys
of the mill owners, which was
followed by the introduction by Senator
Tinkham of Boston of an order for an
investigation of the action of the authorities
in preventing the sending away
of children.
The conference, it was stated, was
without result during the early hours,
hut during the afternoon certain of the
mill owners attended the session.
The order of Senator Tinkham provides
for an investigation by the committee
on conciliation and extends to
that committee the power to send for
persons and papers.
The order goes to the committee on
rules for action as to its practicability
at this time.
STRIKE AT FRANKLIN. N. H.
Spinners Go Out When Refused an Increase
of Pay.
Franklin. N. H., Feb. 26.-Twonty■
iglit spinners employed in tile Franklin
mills went on strike, today, wlten
their request for an increase in pay
Irom $11 to $12 per week was refused.
The mill, which is controlled by the
Moses S. Stevens Sons Co., of North
Andover, Mass., has been running
overtime, recently. Three hundred and
fifty hands are employed in all departments.
The spinners arc not organised
but every one left the plant,
today. Supt. W. W. Edwards told the
committee which waited upon him, today,
that he could not grant the demands
until he had conferred with
the owners, but this was not satisfactorv
lo tlie spinners.

PRESIDENT WILL CONSIDER.
Will Take Up Lawrence Strike With
Atty. Gen. Wickersham.
Washington. Feb. 26.-Rep. Merger
ill Wisconsin, after a call at the White
House,, today, said that President
Taft has promised him to take up
with Attorney General Wickersham
the Lawrence, Mass., strike.
Representative Henry, chairman of
the House committee ,on rules, announced,
today, that his committee
would act, this week, on the Berger
resolution for an investigation of labor
conditions among textile workers
of the country, occasioned by the
Lawrence strike.
INFORMATION FOR SENATE.
Touching Lawrence Strike Wdl Be Secured
by Labor Bureau.
Washington, Feb. 26.-Senator Poindexter
of Washington, just back from
a personal investigation of the labor
strike at Lawrence, Mass., introduced,
today, a resolution to instruct tlie bureau
of labor of the department of
commerce and labor to furnish the
Senate with information regarding th<
strike. The measure asks for the
"free passage of people through the
state of Massachusetts" and for information
regarding the condition oi
aliens.
WILL INVESTIGATE
Police Action in Preventing, Saturday,
Sending Away of Children.
Boston. Feb. 26.-A request that Attorney
General Janies M. Swift maki
an imrfiedlate investigation of the action
ol the police in preventing th>
sending away of children from Lawrence.
last Saturday, was contained
in " telegram sent to the attorney general.
who is In New York, by Gov. Eu
gere N..Foss, today. The telegram fol
lows:
"On Saturday last, the police authorities
at Lawrence prevented 1 lie departure
of children, supposed to b<
children of striking operatives. Iron
the --in of Lawrence, to a point out
side the state. I have received man'
protests from public and privy o
sources concerning this action by til

police authorities and it claimed by
the protestants that it was a clear invasion
of the constitutional rights ot
citizens of this commonwealth and
that no warrant in law exists for such
interference.
"I hereby request that you immediately
make rigid investigation into the
matter and if you find that any citizen
has been deprived of a lawful exercise
of his constitutional rights, that
you immediately set in motion such
machinery of the law as will guarantee
to all our citizens free and untramnieled
exercise of these rights."
STRIKE AT NEW BEDFORD.
Weavers Walk Out of Beacon Woolen
Mill, Monday Morning.
New Bedford, Mass., Feb. 26.-The
weavers Jo the number of approximately
100 walked out of the Beacon mill in this
city, this morning, and the plant was
compelled to shut down. The weavers
had demanded a flat increase of i0 p •
cent, and to this demand the officials of
the mill had made a refusal, (he Beacon
management decided to shut down
the plant when the weavers left and
the rest of the help are consequently
thrown out of employment, although no
other departments of the mill struck.
The weavers of the Beacon work on
blankets exclusively and the average
wage is slightly in excess of $12 per
week. The mill of late has been running
overtime three nights a week for three
hours, and weavers with this overtime
have made as high as $IS a week, although
the average would be about $lfi.
This is the first labor trouble the Beacon
has experienced in seven years and
the concern lias been one of the most
successful in the city.
i•A
CYCLONIC STORM DEVASTATES
WEST AND SOUTH.
(Continued from Page One.)
I at the Johnson house; Mrs. Hirman
( Itichenbaoh and little son.
CYCLONE SWEEPS MAYFIELD. KY.
Fifty or More Buildings WreckedWoman and Child Injured.
I Mayfield, K.v.. Feb. 20.-A cyclonic
storm that swept over Mayfield and
the surrounding country, late las >
night, wrecked Ob or more buildings, including
several residences.
| The home of Oscar Flood, was blown
'down, imprisoning .Mrs. Flood and hei
infant child. Tim ruins Ignited, and
I before Mrs. Flood and the child were
rescued, they had been seriously burnI
-d.

TORNADO IN MISSISSIPPI
Strikes Town of Gluckstadt, Sunday
Afternoon-Damage Not Known.
Jackson, Miss., Feb. 26.-Information
was received here, early today, that a
tornado struck the town of Gluckstadt
15 mileB north of Jackson, on the Illinois
f'entral Railroad, late yesterday
.The extent of the damage is nol
known. All wires are down. Gluckstadt
has a population of 600. The wind
reached hurricane proportions in Jackson,
but only minor damage resulted.
TRAFFIC DELAYED IN CHICAGO
By Heavy Snowstorm in the Lower
Lake Region.
Chicago, Keh. 26. .Storm conditions,
today, extended from the Rocky Mountains
to the Atlanta coast, with rain
and thundr rstorms in the south ano
a heavy fail of wet now north of the
Ohio river. The storm was central
over southern Illinois and was moving
eastward.
A heavy snowstorm which started,
early today, is raging throughout the
lower Lake Region and Ohio valley
Both railroad and telegraph companieare
experiencing great difficulties. It
is predicted by government forecasters
that the fall will continue through
the day and tomorrow will he clear
and colder. Kxtremr cold weather is
not expected in any part of the storm
belt. In Chicago all classes of traffic
were delayed hut surface lines were
the chief sufferers, Ihe snow drifting
into pits several feet deep on many of
the tracks.
MISSOURI SNOWBOUND
By Worst Storm of Winter-Train and
Wire Service Crippled.
Kansas City, Mo., Feb. 26.-Covered
by from six inches to two feet of sodden
snow, the Missouri valley, the
Southwest and the West, today, faced
the worst traffic conditions of the winter.
Practically no trains from the
West were running on schedule time.
Telegraph and telephone service was
interrupted.
Rock Island Railway officials said
tile storm in Colorado, New Mexico
' and western Kansas was the worst

ever experienced by that line. A 50mile
wind accompanied the snow.
Three through Rock Island passenger
trains from the Southwest, overdue
hi re, had not been heard from,
for i!4 hours. The Missouri Pacific
annulled two through trains, one
westbound and one eastbound.
IN FIGHT TO STAY.
(Continued from Page One.)

vt It and I, for, 30 years, and wholly
apart from politics, have been close
and most intimate friends. 1 must
continue to oppose the policies which
he urged at Columbus, but l cannot
personally oppose him who has been
by life-long friend, and for this reason
1 shall take no part whatever in
the campaign for the Presidential
nomination."
In tile Senate, over which Col.
Roosevelt was for a brief time presiding
oflieer, his declaration caused
an announcement by Senator Rayner
of Maryland that he would address
tile Senate at the "earliest possible
moment on the charter of the new
Democracy as outlined by Former
i'resident Roosevelt in his speech at
Columbus." Raynor probably will
probably speak, Wednesday. His antagonism
to Mr. Roosevelt has often
been shown in that chamber.
Senator Clapp of Minnesota, Progressive
Republican, succeeded in getting
permission to have the Columbus
speech printed as a public document,
but not before the Senate had indulged
in a lively colloquy. On the House
side the matter was discussed apparently
with tlie deepest interest.
Rep. Browning of New Jersey, Republican,
devoted his maiden speech
to a commendation of President Taft's
administration and its achievements.
Speaker Clark, himself a candidate
fur the Demoeratic Presidential nomination,
issued a statement, tonight,
upon Col. Roosevelt's candidacy for the
Republican nomination. He said:
"There are some peculiar and interesting
facts in the Republican embroglio.
'file big wigs appear to have forgotten
historical facts or to scorn them.
Many jiersons were amazed when the
Republican National committee fixed
tneir convention for the 18th of June.
I he anniversary of Waterloo. Now
comes Col. Roosevelt on Feb. 26, anniversary
of the day when Napoleon escaped
from Elba. No doubt the result
of the November election will complete
I the historic parallel by sending not
! only the colonel but the whole Republican
party to Helena-a consummation
devotedly to be wished. This year, all
things work together ror the success
of Democrats and for the good of the
country."
Carey, Wyoming, All for Roosevelt.
Cheyenne, Wyo.. Feb. 2fi.-"I prophesy
tile nomination and election of Col.
Roosevelt." was said, today, oy uov.
Joseph M. Carey of Wyoming, one of
the sever, governors who signed the
now famous petition to the ex-Presidenf.
"The West is at a standstill.' it
needs Roosevelt, who understands the
West better than arty other man," said
Mr. Carv.

Gov. Carroll Is for Taft.
Des Moines. la., Feb. -6.-Gov. Carroll
of Iowa said in a statement, today,
that be was surprised that Col.
Roosevelt "Did not long ago announce
his adherence to his oft-repeated doctrine
of the square deal and recognize
the justice of the candidacy of President
Taft for re-nomination."
Gov. Carroll also announced his support
of Taft for tin; Presidency.
Got. Carroll intimates that Wall
Street influences are responsible for
the opposition to President Taft.
Moses Joseph Tells
About the S.&S.Co.
Chicago, Feb. 26.-Moses H. Joseph,
secretary and treasurer of the New
York Butchers' Dressed Meat Co., corroborated
the testimony of his father.
Frederick Joseph, in regard to the purchase
of stock by Kdward TUdeu, on -
of the defendants in the Bchwaraschild
Sulzberger Co. and the New Yura Butchers'
Dressed Meat Co., In the packers'
trial, today.
Moses 11. Joseph followed ...b father
on the witness stand and said tiiat Kdward
Tilden furnished all the money
used- by him and his father in the purchase
of stock in the two concerns, both
.if which were competitors of the Chicago
packers.
He said the efforts to control the
Sc'nwarzschlld & Sulzberger Co. were unsuccessful,
but that a majority of stock
in the New York Butchers' Dressed
Meat Co. was obtained and transferred
to Kdward Tilden in 1907. The company,
he said, Is at present owned by toe
National Packing Co. He was questioned
at length by Attorney James M.
Sheean regarding the details of transactions
with Edward Tilden.
His examination had not been concluded
when court adjourned.
K. O. Brown Wins from Jos Coster.
New York, Feb. 26.-"Knockout
Brown, the New York lightweight, won
a popular decision over Joe Cbster of
Brooklyn, a featherweight, In a 10round
bout, tonight. Several hard lefts
to the stomach weakened Coster in the
sixth round, causing him to hold to escape
a knockout
Leach Cross was considered by spectators
as having the better of Willie
Beecher in a fast 10-round bout.
''GET PANAMA CANAL OPEN."
Urges Director General Barrett of PanAmerican
Union.
Providence, uTT. Feb. 26,-The necessity
of preparing for the opening of the
Panama canal was emphasized by John
Barrett, director general of the PanAmerican
Union, in an address before
the Town Criers, an organization of advertising
and business men here, tonight.
"Get ready for the Panama canal an 1
go after Pan-American commerce,"
should be tlfe slogan of every New England
commercial organization, the speaker
declared.
"There is too much of a tendency," he
said, "among the great majority exporting
and importing Interests, not only
of New England but of all the Unite!
States, to talk about the benefits which
will come from the canal without taking
actual steps to prepare for it. '1 ills Is u
great mistake which may cause much
disappointment to our country after the
canal is opened to the shipping of th3
world."

Part of the Stolen $25,000
Recovered-Five Arrests Made.

New York, Keb. 26.- Part of the
$in currency stolen from two
bank messengers who were assaulted
in a taxicab In the heart of the linanclal
district, Keb. 15, was recovered,
tonight, and three men and two women
are held by the police.
After working with much reticence,
the police admitted, late tonight, that
$750 in money, in three bundles of
$250 each, all bearing the stamp of the
Produce Kxchange Hank, from which
the messengers were taking the money
at the time of the holdup, has been regained.
The money was found in Boston
New York detectives who raided the
home of Kdward Collins, 25 years old.
at HO Windntere road, that eity. The
police say that Collins also described
himself as Kdward Kinsman of Boston,
a former pugilist and waiter. Collins
Is under arresl, together with
Jesse Alhruzzo and Oeno Montani.
chauffeur of tile taxicab in which till
holdup occurred, and two women held
by the police as material witnesses.
One of the women is described by
(lie police as "Swedish Anna" and the
other as Myrtle Hoyt. It is understood
they furnished the police with some
details of the cast. Alhrusso, on
whose person the police found a key
to a safety deposit vault in the Bowerv
Savings Bank, and the prisoner is said
to have admitted having about $200*'
in tile box, but the police have hope t
of finding a larger sum w hen they examine
it, tomorrow.
The police regard the capture as one
of the finest strokes of detective work

in years. The interesting: story of their
chase is roughly as follows:
Two of the alleged holdup men escaped
in a street car after the robbery
and later drove in a taxicab to I'eekskill,
N. Y., where they took a train to
Albany with the woman known as
"Swedish Annie." The next day the woman
returned to New York with an
elaborate hat which stunned her friends
in the Tenderloin.
Gossiping friends found detectives to
confide in and for several days the woman
was kept under surveillance. Sorno
of Annie's friends got a peep at the label
inside tlie hat anti within a few
hours* detectives at Albany found the
store where it had been bought with
part of tlu* alleged loot and learned that
a man answering Collins* description
bought the hut for her. They traced
Collins to Chicago and thence to Huston,
where trail of him was lost, bu~
whero in his shoes part of the money
was found. Detectives watching a house
in this city where Collins had rented
rooms saw him and a companion leave
there, today, and. following them to tin*
Grand Central station, placed the whole
party under arrest.
Boston, Feb. *J6.-A considerable sutn
of nuftiey, claimed by the police to ho
a part of the $25,o00 stolen in the taxicab
robbery in New York, was recovered
by the Boston police, tonight, in a
house in this city. Deputy Chief Wat*-t
and Captain McGarr with a New York
officer are, toitight. continuing the investigation
and refuse to give out details
of the find.

Statement by M. L. Schiff-=
Brandt to Be Released, Today.

New York, Feb. 28.-While Folke K.
Brandt still remained in jail, tonight,
as the result of a technical legal delay
in admitting him to bail, his former
employer, Mortmer L. Schiff,
gave out a statement, 10.000 words
long, setting forth the "pertinent
facts connected with the Brandt case
as far as they are within my knowledge."
The statement for the first time
makes public ihe letter which Brandt
wrote to Mrs. Schiff in March. 1907,
and resulted in his discharge from his
position as valet. Mr. Schiff characterized
it as an "impudent declaration
of affection." The letter addressed to
"Missis. M. I*. Schiff. Dearest Lady"
reads in part as follows:
"I am a poor fellow, but I have a
heart which 1 would part with to a
Lady which I love dearest on earth
('It is you dearest Lady') * * * I
do not know if you are interest or
like my person, but I do know that
I am awfully fond of you in every
respect I like and admire you
emensklig. My feelings toward you
dear Lady lias grown every day in
larger circumference. Inside my heart
is the eternal feelings which cannot
be expressed in words (T only can
speak')-and at night until the slumber
takes me away 1 think of you
dear lady."
The letter is signed "Lovingly" and
contains a "Ps" beseaching Mrs.
Schiff "For mercy don't show this to
your husband or anybody."
After setting forth the details of the
Will Pass Dividend
On Preferred Stock.
New York, Feb. 20.-The Republic
Iron and Steel Co., which precipitated
an "open market," last spring, in the
steel industry by aggressively cutting
prices will pass its next quarterly dividend
of 1% i*>r cent, on its preferred
stock, according to an announcement
after the close of the stock market,
today, by John F. Toppln, chairman
of the board of directors. Rumors
that the company would reduce its
dividend at a 1 or f> per cent, annual
rate had been current, but its complete
suspension was a surprise to
Wall street. Chairman Topping in a
sta'ement says'
"It was decided to defer payment
of the quarterly dividend as present
and prospective earnings were not
sufficient to warrant full payment. It
was the judgment of the executive
committee that under existing conditions
of business, tariff uncertainties
and political agitation it was to the.
interest of the stockholders to conserve
tiie company's assets.

NELSON LOSES HIS END.
Young Togo, the J«p, Makes a Draw,
At Fort Smith, Ark.
Fort Smith, Ark., Feb. 26.-Battling
Nelson, former lightweight champion of
the world, and Young Togo, the Japanese
boxer, fought to a draw here, tonight.
Nelson lost ills end of the purse,
which he had agreed to forfeit unless lie
stopped the Japanese within six rounds.
FAIRFIELD.
The Farther Lights Society will piesent
"A Japanese Day," at 7.J0 Thursday
evening, in the Baptist church. Refreshments
will be served.
Ralph Jewell has announced that he is
a candidate for the office of second selectman.
The members of the Farther Light Society
went to Waterville. Monday evening,
to attend a lecture at the Baptist
church.
Miss Alice Nye entertained a number
of her young friends, Monday evening.
at the camp of the Hillside Cluo.
An oyster stew was enjoyed, after which
the time was very pleasantly passed.
Miss Pearl Thomas entertained the
members of the O. G. Club, Monday evening,
at her home in Benton. Delicious
refreshments were served.
The Relief Corps Circle will meet In
Grand Army hall, Wednesday afternoon,
to sew. A ricnic supper will be served
and a rehearsal will be held in the evening.
All officers are requested to be
present.
Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Greenleaf of Southport
are the guests of Mr. and Mrs. F.
K. Hammond.

assault made U|x>n him by Brandt and
th<? rohl>«*ry of his home on the night of
March s, 1907, Mr. Schiff takes up
Brandt's coiiviction. He says that after
having read a note from Brandt
asking him to visit him in the Tombs
he sent Howard S. Gans. his counsel,
to see him instead, and that Mr. Gans
reported to me that Brandt had said to *
him in substance that If the charge
was pressed lie would make reflections
ujain Mrs. Schiff."
Mr. Schiff then details the entrance
into the case as Brandt's attorney of
Carl Fischer Hansen and mentions
a letter written by Brandt which he
says Fischer Hansen brought to Judge
Hosatsky.
'This letter," Schiff continues, "contained
the first written information of
Brandt's lying and scandalous tale
that lie was in my house by invitation.
The outrageous falsity of this letter is
shown by the letter that brought his
discharge." \
This same "Lying story" was the
basis, he asserts, of Brandt's appeal to
Senator Knute Nelson of Minnesota,
and of his application to Gov. l)lx for
a pardon.
•ir Brandt's application had been
based upon evidence of sincere repentence
and contrition I should not
have opposed it," Mr. Schiff concluded.
•but based as it was upon lying and
i scandalous attack upon my honor l
I shall continue to oppose it."
It is expected that Brandt will be
released on bail.- tomorrow.
REPORTED BATTLE AT JAUREZ
GETS EVERYBODY GUESSING.
(Continued from Page One.)
fighting in Juarez, today. It was declared
there had been no trouble in the
Mexican city or its outskirts.
ROJAS ON THE HIKE.
Col. Villa, Ex-Bandit, Said to Bo Hot
on His Trail.
1:1 l'aso, Tex., Fell. JW.-Col. I'ancho
Vills, ex-bandit, but loyal to Mailero, is
pursuing Colonel Antonio Rojas, according
to dispatches from Chihuahua. Villa
with one thousand loyal ex-insurrecto
troops left Chihuahua, today, over the
National Lines Railway with orders to
eatcli and fight Rojas and is now at
Villa Aliuniada, SO miles south ot Juarez
Colonel Rojas witii about 500 men is advancing
from Pearson to Bauclie. over
the Mexico, Northwestern, and probably
will unite with Salazars and Campas
forces.
EL PASO MYSTIFIED.
Cannot Explain Origin of Reported
Fighting at Jaurez.

K1 I'aso, Feb. a>.-til J'asoam, are <■
loss to explain the origin of the report
that fighting has occurred at Juarez, or
1U miles south. There has been no flgh'.ing
In the city and railroad employes
south reported all quiet at 10 o'clock.
A peace committee which went Immediately
to persuade the rebels not to enter
Juarez lias departed for Bauche, 14
miles south of here.
FOR STRONGER PATROL.
Government Dispatches Additional
Troops to the Mexican Border.
Washington. Feb. 26.-Realizing the
need of a stronger patrol on the Mexican
border in Arizona, the war department,
late today, ordered two
companies of the 4th Cavalry to Douglas
and one company to Nogales frqrn
San Antonio. Capt. Mahlin Craig of
the general staff has been ordered to
go immediately from San Francisco to
the Imperial valley, to investigate conditions
there.
WAR DEPT. EXCITED
By Report of Fight at Jaurez, and the
Subsequent Denial.
Washington, Feb. 26.-The war department
was thrown into a Htate of
excitement here, today, by the telegraphic
reports of the arrival of a
large band of insurgents In the vicinity
ofr Juarez, Met., opposite El Paso,
and of serious fighting in the outskirts
of the town. These reports, It was explained
at the department, came from
army officers and the department olticials
were startled a second time by
press dispatches from El Paso declaring
there had been absolutely no fight
in Juarez or its environs. None of the
department officials would comment on
the complex situation.