ESTABLISHED 1825.
PRICE TWO CENT?

ARE WILSONITES.
Maine Democrais in Congress
Only Ones from N.E.
To Gome Out Openly for the
Scholar from New Jersey.
Gardner Started It, Others Followed-'ConventlonSentiment
Ignored.
Washington, D. Feb. 2t>. (Spe*"ial).-The
way Maine Democrats iti
'Congress have been going over to the
Woodrow Wilson boom quite startles
s >me folks here who wonder whether
tlie Democratic voters of the State
vvill follow at all precipitately. The
whole delegation rtf four are now as
good as committed to the governor of
■New Jersey. Perhaps an exception
should be made of Representative
Gould of the Third, just at the present
moment, hut he will do what the others
of the delegation want him to do,
:if these four Democrats are sent down
to Baltimore as delegatos-at-targe.
Why these Maine Democrats did
not wait till alter the State convention
of March 19 and obtain the sentiment
of the delegates Is taken as an
indication of their willingness to run
the Democrats of Maine rather than
to allow the Democrats of Maine to
run them in such matters. Of course
if there were a Democrat in the White
Mouse-as there is now a Republican
-It would have been a different matter.
As an evidence of party loyalty
they might properly have declared
themselves for the man who had been
thrrugh an administration and made
a record for the party.
Rut the Maine Democrats in Congress
like to lead. In this instance
they are following the lead of Senator
Gardner, who spoke out before his
colleagues wish he had. When Senator
Gardner spoke out, some weeks
ago, declaring for Gov. Wilson while
he was en tour in Ohio, his Maine
brethren in Senate and House were
frowning upon his forwardness in
hitching up with presidential candidates.
They preferred to wait and see
how the cat was going to jump and,
indeed, proclaimed their intention to
wait longer than that, even to tiie National
convention when they would
know how the great Democratic states
and the states that are expected to go
(Continued on Page Five.)

LAWRENCE STRIKERS
SHOOT FROM AMBUSH.

Dozen Shots Fired at Police, MondayA
Striker Wounded-Disorder Reigns
In Early Morning-Strike Matter
Claims Attention ot Congress.

Lawrence. Mass., Feb. "ti. Fending
a congressional investigation, which
is expected to start, some day tins
week, in Washington, and at which
a committee of the strikers and of the
children will he present, no attempt
will he made to send children to Philadelphia,
as had been planned, tomorrow
morning. This announcement was
made hv the strike leaders, tonight,
and at the same time they made public
a letter received from Congressman
Victor Merger of Wisconsin, and
the answer thereto. The letter is dated
at Washington and addressed to
< ieorge K. Hoewer, Jr., the strikers'
attorney, and reads as follows:
"Could you and some others, including
children, come here for a congressional
hearing, some day this week?"
To this William D. Haywood, one of
the strike leaders, replied:
"A committee of children and
strikers will start for Washington as
soon as arrangements can he made.
Will wire later."
As an aftermath of one of the most
rtotlous days since the inception of
the strike, s'ven weeks ago; the district
court was ip session far into the
evening, tonight, and Judge J. J. Mahoney,
the presiding justice, heard
(is casts, tlie majority of which had a
direct bearing on the strike situation.
Ot the number arraigned 4? were persons
arrested, today, while ot the others
in court some were taken into custody
during tiie outbreak, late yesterday.
and the remainder brought
over from last week for disposition.
All but three of the persons arrested.
today, had their cases disposed of
before, court adjourned and but one
jail sentence was meted out. This was
imposed upon Julian 4 uika. who was

charged with assault on an officer, it
being alleged that she threw pepper
in the f ace ol Patrolman O'Brien when
he sought to prevent her from intimidating
those who wished to go to
work. She was sent away for :t(J days.
The others, most of whom were
charged with intimidation, disturbances,
drunkenness, assault and* the
like, were fined from $3 to $10 each.
Judge Mahoney while disposing of
the cases made a statement in which
he declared that the police hail not yet
been able to get at those who are really
responsible for the trouble in the
city, and in which he severely criticized
those who push the women and
children forward to do their work. H's
comment followed the hearing of the
ease of a woman who was alleged to
have interfered with an officer bv
grabbing at his coat. He said:
"It is these very insignificant beginnings
that result in tragedy. These
simple cases often lead to something
more. Just as soon as women disregarded
constituted authority by catching
officers coats there you have thu
foundation for all that follows.
"The situation in I^awrence, today, is
that those in power are putting women
and children out into the streets to do
their work. A week of demonstration
is planned and staged to start, Monday
morning. The idea is to prevent people
who want to go to work from going
into the mills. The people are terrorized.
The are egged on by men
who don't toil. Years ago they ceased
to do any toiling. Only work they do
now is to use their tongues. They will
remain here just so long as they share
in the sympathy of the toilers.
"While tho reign of terror lasts, it is
(Continued on Page Twelve.)

t
A CYCLONIC STORM DEVAS- ,
TATES WEST AND SOUTH
And Leaves Death and Ruin in Its Wake
==Great Havoc Wrought in Arkansas**
Missouri Buried in Snow==Train
And Wire Service Crippled.

Little ltock. Ark., Keb. L'fi.-Details
of a tornado which devasted portions
of Lincoln, Jefferson and Arkansas
counties, Sunday afternoon, place the
list of dead at 10, with at least 25 persons
severely hurl.
Handsome homes, plantation equipment.
rice and pumping stations
caught In the path of the storm, were
wrecked.
Several homes wore picked up and
scattered in every direction by the
wind. The residence of Ed Johnson,
near Almyra, was carried 40 feet from
Its foundation. Six persons in this
house were killed outright. Mr. Johnson
and one child escaped instant
death, but they were perhaps fatally
Injured. Timbers from pumping stations
in the rice fields of Arkansas
county were hurled through the air.
then dropped, some penetrating the
v earth to a depth of six Peet. In the
prairie country south of Stuttgart, two

teams were carried away bodily and
have not been found yet.
The big residence of S- V. ('utter,
near Almyru, one of the costliest
homes in Arkansas county, was
wrecked and with two large lmrns
and general plantation equipment,
scattered for hundreds of yards.
The Cutter family had gone to a
neighbor's and thus escaped.
Apparently there were two stormsthat which struck the eastern portion
of Jefferson county occurring about 6
o'clock in the afternoon, while that in
Arkansas county is reported to have
swept in an hour earlier.
The dead:
At Swan Lake. Oliver Sincoe, son ol
Mr. and Mrs. ,1. R Sincoe; unidentitied
Negro.
At Almyra. Mrs. Ed Johnson and
three children; Edward McCain; unidentified
man, who had taken shelter
(Continued on Page Twelve.)

Cairns Will Return
To the Philippines.
London, Kelt. 26.-Frank' K. Cairns, one
of the five American financial experts
who assisted W. Morgan Shuster in the
treasurer-general's department In Fersia.
Is now in London. He, today, received
the order to return to ills post in th ■
customs service In the Philippines. In
the course of an interview he said, in
reference to the Persian situation:
"Russia is abolishing the Persian army,
for which she will substitute an
armed military police numbering SO.OtiO
men under the command of Russian officers
in the northern zone. A similar
force is to be raised in the southern
zone under British officers. A treaty is
now being arranged for the abolition >f
the neutral zone, thus virtually partitioning
Persia between Russia and
Great Britain.
"The settlement made by the Persian
government witli the American citizens
in its service was due to the efforts of
i

the Russian minister to Persia, seconded
by the British legation. The men
would have been paid in full had not the
United States proposed their departure/'
Meteorite Just
Misses Steamer.
Boston. Feb. 26.-A narrow escape from
being struck by a meteorite was experienced
by the Leylaml Line steamer Bostonian,
which arrived, today, from Manchester,
Kng. At 5 A. M. on Saturday
last, Capt. Parry reported he saw the
meteorite, flashing brilliantly, falling to ■
the southwest of the vessel. There 1
a loud hissing sound as It approached the
water and then with a loud report it fell
into the ocean a few ship's lengths from
the bow of the steamer. So great a disturbance
dkl it cause in the sea that
water was dashed over the decks of the
steamer.
REBELS DEMAND SURRENDER.
Give Jaurez Officials Six Hours in
Which to Capitulate.
Juarez. Feb. 26.-The rebel leaders, today,
sent a demand to Juarez for the
surrender of the city in six hours. They
declare in their communication that 'f
the city is not surrendered the attack
will be made, and Juarez officials are
asked to warn foreigners to leave.

Monday's Work
In 62d Congress.
JN THI-: SKNATE.
Cummins introduced trust bill creating
trades commission and providing' authority
to limit size of corporations and
guard against unfair competition.
Stone introduced a resolution directing
foreign relations committee to make
prompt inquiry into conditions on Mexican
border.
Heed introduced a resolution directing
an investigation into the election of Senator
Du Pont of Delaware.
Poindexter after a personal investigation
at Lawrence, Mass., introduced a
resolution to instruct labor bureau to
furnish information on the textile strike
Gardner introduced bill for government
acquisition of express properties at a
probable cost of $119,165,811*.
Cummins spoke favoring general pension
legislation, saying government
could tax wealth, if necessary, to provide
revenue.
Newlands introduced revised interstate
trade commission bill.
Cage vocational bill, to provide appropriations
for encouragement of education,
introduced.
Adjourned at 5.20 P. M. until 2 P. M.
Tuesday.

IN THE HOUSE.
Chairman Henry announced rules committee
would act upon Representative
Berner's resolution providing for investigation
of Lawrence textile workers'
strike.
Investigation of political Influence
charges against Major Kay resumed before
war department expenditures committee.
British Ambassador Bryce explained
British legislative system to judiciary
committee in connection with
legislative bureau bill.
Secretary Meyer was' heard by naval
committee in executive session.
Florida Everglades land case investigation
was resumed by agricultural department
expenditures committee.
After consideration of District of Columbia
legislation the House took tip
four-hour debate on fortifications appropriation
bill.
Ways and means committee again considered
advisability of increasing silk
duties to make up for sugar farin' reduction.
May report sugar bill in two
weeks.
Money trust investigation hearings will
begin here within a few days.
Secretary Meyer urged building of two
battleships and $1,000,000 for round- theworkl
wireless system.
Representative Sabath introduced bill
for acquisition by government of express,
telegraph and telephone properties.
Adjourned at 5.30 I\ M. until noon
Tuesday.
$20,000 Fee for Mr. Littlefield.
Washington, Fell, 26.-Former Rep.
Charles E. Littlefield, of Maine, was
awarded $20,000, today, by the supreme
court for his services as special master
in the Virginia-West Virginia debt
case.
7-20-4
Output for 1911, 29,356,738.
Increase during the year 6.282,834.
Faotory at Manchester, N. H.

EXPRESS BILL
Introduced by Sen, Gardner
At Monday Session.
Authorizes Gov't, to Take Over
Companies (or $40,000,000.
is Planned to Operate as Part of
Postal Service.
Washington, Feb. 26.-Senator Gardner
of Maine, today, introduced a bill
under which the government would
takeover tile properties of express
companies and operate them as a part
of the postal service extending the
service to the rural delivery. The
measure indicates the probable cost
of taking over the properties as fidlows:
Heal property, $14,932,169; equipment,
97.3Sl.4or.; materials and supplies
$12S,^lu advance payments on contracts
$.",836,666; and franchises, good
will, etc , *10,877.369, a total of $39,165
819.
While the, balance sheets of the
companies show other assets of nearly
$150,000,000. Senator Gardner argued
that these are not devoted to express
service and that this property might
he retained by the corporations without
impairing its value
It is proposed by the author of the
bill for the establishment of the
■postal express." including members
of both branches of Congress, that
rates charged for express service under
the govgernnient shall he based
upon weigl t and length of haul rather
than upon the system in effect for
the carrying of mails. The power to
fix rates would rest with the postoffice
department, subject to appeal
to the Interstate Commerce Commission.
Si nator Gardner, in a long statemint
analyzing the bill, declares that
the transition of the express business
from private corporations to govern(Continued
on Page Twelve.)

THE WEATHER
RAIN OR SNOW.
Washington, Feb. 26.-Forecasts: For
norththern Now England: Rain or
snow. Tuesday; colder by night. Wednesday,
fair and colder; south shifting to
west gales. Southern New England;
Rain in morning, followed by fair an.l
colder, Tuesday. Wednesday, fair and
colder; southwest to west gales, Tuesday.
Boston Forecast.
Boston, Feb. 26.-Forecast for Boston
and vicinity: Tuesday, rain; clearing
during the late afternoon or night; coll
at night. Wednesday, fair and colder;
high southeast winds shifting to westerly.
Conditions and General Forecast.
Washington, Feb. 26.-The severe
storm caused, during Monday, general
precipitation over the eastern half of tin*
country. It is now taking a northeasterly
course, the center, Monday evening,
being north of Lake Erie. Heavy snows
have fallen in the West and high winds
have been general in interior section. .
The storm is not quite as severe as that
of last week, although the area of precipitation
is as extensive, folder weather
is overspreading tlie Middle ami
Southern states in the tear of the storm,
but the temperatures are not low.
The storm will continue its movement
northeastward with its center passing
down the St. Lawrence valley. Snow will
continue in the greater portion of tne
Lake region and rain or snow in New
England and eastern New York will b
followed by fair weather by 'mesday
afternoon or night. The temperature will
fall considerably in the Eastern states,
! Tuesday. Gales will prevail in the Lower
Lake region and tlie" Middle and
North Atlantic states. Tuesday.
Storm warnings are displayed on t!
Atlantic coast from Eastport to Jacksonville.
The winds along the New England
coast will be southerly, shifting to westerly
gales; Middle Atlantic coast, westerly
gales.

wed,fri,mon,t

COL. ROOSEVELT SAYS HE
IS IN THE FIGHT TO STAY.

"I Am Perfectly Happy Now, Because I Am Making
a Straight-out Fight for a Principle"-Outlines
His Limited Recall of Judicial Decisions
to Bay State Legislators at Boston.

IN FIGHT TO STAY.
Huston. Feb. 20.-Col. Roosevelt
plunged into the thick of the fight for
the Presidential nomination, today. He
said unequivocally he was in the fight
to the end and was glad of it. He replied
to the charge that he would he
breaking his "Third term" pledge il
he accepted another nomination. And
he asserted that whether or not he
should he the choice of his party at the
Chicago conve ntion he would abide by
its decision.
"I* am perfectly happy now," said
he, "because I am making a straightout
light for ft principal. The issue is
in no sense a personal one."
"Do vou intend to support the Republican
ijominee, whoever lie may
be'.'"
"Of course 1 shall," he replied with
emphasis.
in response to inquiries as to the principle
for which he is lighting. Col.
Roosevelt referred questioners to his
speeches in Columbus, Ohio, last week
and before the Massachusetts House,
today. In bis address, today, he defended
his proposal for limited recall
of judicial decisions, and championed
tlie right of popular opinion to control
the machinery of government. Col.
Roosevelt's position in regard to the
"Third term" was explained to a number
of his callers, today.
"My position is perfectly simple," tie
said, "f stated it as clearly as i could
in 1904, and reiterated it In 1907. i said
that L would not accept a nomination
for a third term, under any eireum
stances, meaning, of course, a third
i unseen! i' e term.

"I could not have said less at flu*
time, nor could I have said more. Of
course I could not then know whether
or not there would he a demand for me
to accept a nomination at some future
time. And believing as I do. that the
selection of candidates for the Presidency
rests entirely with the people,
I could not say that at no time in my
life would I accept another nomination.
"It must be clear to any reasonable
man that the precedent which forbids a
third term lias reference solely to a mini
consecutive term. It grew out of the
fact that a President of the I nin 1
States, under the present convention system
of electing delegates, can, if he
knows how to use the machinery at his
disposal, renominate himself, even
though tile majority of his party is
against him. But after lie has been out
of office for a term lie lias lost control
of that machinery. He is in the position
absolutely of any private citizen
The machinery is then in the hands ol
Hie man occupying the office of President.**
Col. Roosevelt devoted a large part of
the day to conferring witli tile nu n who
are forming the Roosevi it organization
in Massachusetts. He told them ttiat iie
would not identify himself actively, tor
the present at least, with the organization.
He also talked for some time with
Gov. Robert liass of New Hampshire,
whom he Is to meet again, tomorrow.
After taking lunch with Mrs. Roger Wolcott,
widow of a governor of Massachusetts.
and Margaret Deland, the novel
1st, lio went to the State House and
thence to the home of Speukei* Grafton
Cushing, with whom he spent the night.
, Tomorrow, the colonel is to pay anotli
| visit to Harvard and meet a few mon
politicians.
Col. Roosevelt promised, today, to send
a letter to be read at a Roosevelt rally
which will be held here, Saturday night,
by Hie Massachusetts Progressive Republican
League. Gov. Stubbs of Kansu-'.
cx-Gov. Fort of New Jersey and Sena
tor Clapp of Minnesota are expected u
speak.

How They View
It in Washington.
Washington, Keb 20,-Senator Itenry
('allot Lodge, Theodore Roosevelt';
Intimate friend and close eounselh r,
issued a statement, tonight, saying
that because of their life-long friendwhip,
he could not personally oppost
the colonel, and, therefore, would taki
no part whatever in the campaign fot
the Itcputdican Presidential nomination.
Senator Lodge also declared hi;
opposition to the constitutional
changes which Mr. Roosevelt advocated
in his Columbus speech.
Senator Lodge's statement is ol
course regarded as a positive declination
to support the former President';
candidacy. It follows:
"I am opposed to the constitiPiona
changes advocated by Col. Roosevelt
in his recent speech at Columbus,
have very strong convictions on thosi
questions, which, during the pas
three or four years, t have expresset
in public with such force of urgumen
as I could command. But Col. Roose
(Continued .1 Page Twelve.)

ROOSEVELT ON RECALL.
Boston. Foil. L'ti.-Standing in tin
Assembly chamber of the Massachusetts
Capitol, today, Theodore Roosevelt
explained anil emphasized his
n.-w project for the limited recall of
Judicial decisions. Col. Roosevelt
struck out toldly at those who have
criticized his plan.
"Our system of government is a
confessed failure," he said, "unless the
people are to be trusted to govern
themselves."
Col. Roosevelt's visit to the State
House was unexpected.
The Invitation to address the Legislature
did not reach him until three
hours before lie delivered his speech.
After appearing in the House. Col.
Roosevelt went to the Senate chamber.
and spoke briefly. In both instances
he was received cordially, although
there was no prolonged applause
during his speech.
In Addressing the House, Col. Roosevelt
said:
"Mr. Speaker. Gentlemen: It is a
great honor which I deeply appreciate,
to be permitted to address this legislative
body composed of the representatives
of that great historic commonwealth
which has ever stood foremost
in the unending battle for liberty and
right secured within the law. And I
know that you expect me to speak to
you, today, telling you just what 1
think and believe.
(Continued on Page Four.)

INTERESTING, INDEED!
Washington, Feb. 28.-The announcement
of Col. Roosevelt's willingness to
accept the Prosld'ntla! nomination and
his consequent open break with President
Taft, was said, here tonight, to
have removed a picturesque possibility,
relative to the threatened trouble In
Mexico.
Senators who professed to be conversant
with the facts said that just
about a year ago, when the Madern
revolution was at its height in Mexico,
and the possibility of American intervention
was being discussed, Co!.
Roosevelt wrote a letter to President
Taft volunteering to head a regiment
of cavalry which was to be in the forefront
of the Invading forces.
Col. Roosevelt, It is said stipulated
that his subordinate officers were to bo
of his own choosing, and went so far
as to name some of the men he would
select. These ineluded Col. Cecil A.
Lyon, Republican National committeeman
of Texas, "Jack" Abernathy, tho
wolf-strangling former marshal of
Oaklohoma: Sloan Simpson of Texas
a "Rough Rider;" Secret Service Agent
James Sloan, Jr„ now with President
Taft and several members of the old
"Rough Riders" regiment of Cuban
war fame.
Col. Roosevelt said that at that time,
it is said that it was his highest ambition
to again be In the saddle in time
, of war.
(Continued on Page Twelve.)

REPORTED BATTLE AT JAUREZ
GETS EVERYBODY GUESSING.

Has All the Features of a Real Fight But
The Fight Itself==Any Trouble at Jaurez
Or on Its Outskirts Is Denied==
Source of Report a Mystery.

Washington, Feb l'6.- General turbulence
in northern Mexico menacing
the lives and interests of Americans
along the border moved the Washington
government, today, to definite
plane for self protection. Capt. Muhlin
Craigh of the general staff, was
ordered from San Francisco to investigate
conditions in the Imperial valley
and along the California border.
Two companies of the 4th Cavalry
were dispatched to Douglas and one
company to N'ogales, two points in
Arizona, which suffered during the
last revolution.
To (lie Texas border were sent no
more troops but reports from El Paso
gave war department officials a disquieting
day. At first there were rumors
of actual lighting, but later they
proved to be groundless, though they
fore-shadowed maneuvers by the rebel
forces in the vicinity of Juarez.
Admittedly there are complications,
both foreign and domestic, which
hamper forceful action by this government.
To relieve this embarrassment
somewhat, Senator Stone introduced
a resolution similar to one
which he presented, last May, designed
to give to the President authority
1 in send troops across the border to
prevent tiring into American territory.

Kl Paso Tex.. Feb. 26.-At U.15
o'clock, tonight, the forces of Cnmpa
have arrived on the river bank opposite
Fort liliss, and about 1 1-2
miles northwest of Juarez. They are
supposed to be extending a wing
around the west side of the city.
Washington. Feb. 26.-General
Wood, chief of staff ot the army, received
advices, tonight, from Col. E.
V. Strove!*, in command of the troops
at El Paso, that the rebels were advancing
upon Juarez. The colonel reported
that while no formidable force
appeared to be in possession of Juarez
to oppose the invaders, about 400 res[
idents had armed themselves and
i might offer resistance. No orders had
! been issued as yet, Gen. Wood said,
| which would permit any crossing of
j American troops and the American
I commanders had no more power than
i last May to prevent the Mexicans
from firing into American territory.
The regiment of Infantry and battalion
of field artillery ordered from
San Antonio, Texas, to El Paso, which
arrived here tonight, will be stationed
on the international linV> at once so
that by tomorrow a large force ol

American troopj will be concentrated
opposite Juarez.
Baucme, Chihuahua, Mex., Feb. 26. -
The following announcement was sent
to Juarez, this afternoon:
"Encampment near Ciudad Juarez
'•Feb. 26, 1912.
'"For the present I hereby announce in
tlie name of all the chiefs and the troops
under my command that all guarantees
extend to all foreigners as long as there
is no resistance of any kind offered in
Ciudad Juarez. If there is resistance
offered we will enter the city through
blood and fire if need be.
"1 have placed the tiem of six hours
from 2 o'clock today, so that all iorsigners
can know our purpose. All foreigners
shall be notified of this announcement.
In case of an attack by
foreigners (Americans) we will unite
. without distinction of political parties.
(Signed)
•GENERAL EMILIO CAMPA.
"Col. Ro<|ue Gomez.
"Maj. Tomas Loza."

Tucson, Arlz., Feb. 26.-All Americana
who can leave Mexico are doing so as
rapidly aa possible, according to refuge0*
who arrived here, todaj'. Those who felt
that their Interests there are too great
to sacrifice are buying guns and ammunition
in large quantities to defend
themselves. Refugees who arrived, today,
said that while the Mexicans In tha
cities did not seem ill-disposed towards
i Americans, those In the country districts
were openly hostile.
GOMEZ WON'T WITHDRAW.
Claims That Such An Act Would Mean
Anarchy.
San Antonio, Feb. 26.- Emilio Vasquea
Gomez, today, replied to President hadero's
answer to a telegram in which
Gomez requested Madero to resign and
''bring peuce to Mexico.
Gomez denied he was fomenting revolution
in Mexico, but said his present
attitude as recognized head of it was
what held together different elements.
His withdrawal, he said, would mean
anarchy.
NO FIGHTING AT JAUREZ.
Trouble in Mexican City or Its Outskirts
Is Desired.
San Antonio, Tex., Feb. 26.-The manager
of a telegraph company at El Paso
Informed a San Antonio newspaper, at
11.30 o'clock, that there has been no
(Continued on Page Twelve.)