THE LAWRENCE STRIKE
SITUATION IS IMPROVING.
(Continued from Page one./
tal "tnki The loomflxers and nude,
spinners have not been on strike, but
were forced out of work.
Certain statements were made b> the
Knifed Workers in which header Joseph
J. Kttor of the strikers was declared responsible
for any icts by til- iarite body
of strikers, were met later by a statement
from Mi. Kttor. The latter declared
that as leader of the strikers he must
care for the interests of the majority,
which numbered some i!0.000. and that
the Interests of any minority that might
join the strike could not influence his decision
as compared with the greater
number. He declated he counselled no
acts of violence and was unaware of the
presence of dynamite where found, yesterday.
and reiterated his statement that
he believed it to be a "plant." There
were present at the meeting Adjutant
Hen. rearson, Col, Sweetser, commander
of the militia here for patrol duty, members
of the State Board of Arbitration
and a large number of strikers. Mayor
Scanlon presided. It was finally decided
that the several branches of workers in
the textile industry concerned in the
strike should appoint committees to nrt-el,
tonight, when It is expected that definite
active along arbitrary lines might be
started.
At a meeting in Franco-Belgian hall,
today, Elizabeth Gurney Flynn of N*«'
York, national woman organize!' of the
Industrial Workers of the World, addressed
a large gathering of strikers and
sympathizers. Miss Flynn, a slip of i
woman, aroused the audience to gie.it
applause when she said that the strikers
cause was just and that they should light
for their rights.
The continuance of the strike was advocated
by a priest, today, the Rev
Father Mariano Maxmllanese, pastor of
the Church of the Holy Rosary, which
has a large attendance of Italians, lie
stated that he had received a letter from
William M. Wood, president of the
American Woolen Co., which followed
along the same lines as the letter from
Mr. Wood to the strikers a few days ago.
The letter declared that the owners canaot
at present make any increase in
dages, but at the first opportunity will
be glad to do something if the operatives
return to work. Father Maxmllanese
stated that he stands ready to aid financially
and with everything in his power
the strike, by his people for better wages.
To assist the strikers the priest will open
a soup kitchen.
The crowds that visited Lawrence, today,
from nearby cities were orderly.
They were kept out of the mill district
by the militia.

Boston, Jan. 21.-An order presented in
the legislature, last week, by Representative
Charles H. Morrill of Haverhill
calling for an Investigation of the
conditions surrounding the strike of mill
■workers at Lawrence, was endorsed, today,
at a meeting of the Boston Central
Labor I'nion. A resolution was also
passed that a committee appear at the
hearings on the order before tire rule.committee
of the House of Representatives,
tomorrow afternoon, and personally
urge such action.
POLICE FIND DYNAMITE.
Leader Ettor Claims That Mill Owners
"Planted" It.
Lawrence, Mass., Jan. 21.-The discovery,
today, of three lots of dynamite
with fuses and caps and the resulting
arrest of a number of persons
strengthens the belief of the police
that the destruction of some of the
mills against which the textile strike
is directed, was being plotted.
Inspector William Rooney of Boston,
who is in charge of the squad
which is Investigating the dynamite
situation, said. Saturday night, that
two "bad mcr." who would not hesitate
at anything, were known to lie
in Lawrence, and were 'being constantly
shadowed. These men, he -aid.
arrived from New York, Friday, hut
had not done anything which laid
them liable to arrest as yet.
Saturday night, on a second visit to
the cobbler shop of L'rbano de I'rato.
Inspector Roofhcv and his squad found
a bundle containing six sticks of dynamite
and seven caps. The bundle
was In the window along with similar
parcels containing old shoes The police
are positive that It was not there
when the shop was searched, early in
the day.
Tile second lot w as found in St. Mary s
cemetery, off Barker street, about two
hours later, lying on top of the snow
and against a tree trunk, without any
apparent attempt at hiding. Practical!.'
the same squad of police officials mad<
the find. In this lot were 15 sticks of
dynamite, with IS percussion caps, while
the first bundle contained only seven
sticks and about the same number of
caps.

Following th»* uncovering oi me u> u*ir.Ite
in the Oak street house, all the inmates
of the building were taken into
custody. These ftiv Farris Munul. a
leader of the Syrian strikers, who has
appeared at the head of parades and acted
as spokesman for the strikers while
acting also as a special police officer and
interpreter in the local court: .loseph As.
t, Who <*.*111 • ' • « from i 'awtuoket, K.
I., recently. Trinedad Rushon, colored,
w ho was to leave for Porto Tiicn within
<i few days Maro Roched and David Tlisbara,
wito have been here about three
weeks, coming from Fishkill. \\ V Maiy
Bochell and Mary Sul-zy. All are
Syrians except Rushon. who is a Porto
Rican. Tin* polio*- are holding all as inmates
of the house in which dynamite
was unlawfullv kept, but it is possible
that further investigation will result in
the release «»f several.
Through National < uv tnizr r .Joseph 1

1 Sate, Beiiams remedy lor Worms
♦ in Giiildreri.
r If your child is thin, nervous, restless
at night, look for worms, and if present,
don't delay using the safe and propei
remedy, L. F. Atwood's Medicine 01
Bitters.
"I have raised seven children toman
hood and womanhood, keeping them
well by using the True L. F. Atwood
Medicine or Bitters. I find them a
sure and excellent remedy for worms
with which so many children are tor
meuted." Mrs. C. A. Treadwell, Na
pies, Maine.
"My little girl used to have worm?
and would be sick three or four days at
a time. I began the use of the true
B. F. Medicine and she has not had a
spell since.'' Mrs. Ida M. Nason, Clin
ton. Me. -
Get a bottle from your dealer foj
thirty-five cents, or write us today for
free sample. The "I*. F." Medicine
Co,, Portland, Maine.

Rttor of Xew York, wlio acknowledges
that he is the lender of the strike, the
strikers, this evening, made a statement
in which they declare in effect that the
dynamite was planted by the mill owners.
This statement follows:
"The situation is unsatisfactory and
the bosses are losing. They are desperate
and that accounts for the dynamite.
If any bombs or dynamite sticks
are found it will he found by those who
planted them. The bosses art* trying to
raise dust to bluu the issue. The strike
committee is confident of its position and
urges all strikers at this critical time to
be cool and collected and the result of
their efforts will be satisfactory.
(Signed) "-I. J- KTTOR."
Four additional companies of militia,
composing the entire second battalion of
the Mb Regiment, came to Lawrence and
took up duty In the mill district, today,
bringing the total now maintaining guard
and patrol there to he about 75ft. It was
said that the three Lawrence companies
may be relieved, tomorrow evening,
or Monday morning. Col. Sweetser, Adjutant
General Gardner W. Pearson of
Lowell and Commissioner of Public Safety
Lynch held a conference, late today,
but the nature of It was not made public.
Practically all of the mill owners. Including
President William M Wood of
the American Woolen Co., are willing to
meet a commit tee of their employes to
discuss the operation of the 54-hour law,
either alone or with the members of the
State Hoard of Conciliation and Arbitration,
according to a statement issued,
late today, bv Justin K. Varney, chairman
of the Citizens' committee.
Strikers Answer
The Mill Owners.

Lawrence. Mass., Jan. 21.-In a reply
to the open letter of President
William M. Wood of the American
Woolen Co., who claimed that the operatives
had left his mills without notifying
him. the strikers' committee,
tonight, declared that this was not
the fact, but that they attempted to
confer with the agents of the mills
and that finally a letter was addressed
to President Wood and sent to his
Boston address. In their letter issued,
tonight, the strikers reiterate their
demands for a 15 per cent, increase in
wages, abolition of the bonus system
double pay for overtime work and no
discrimination against those who have
been active in the strike. Their statement
follows:
"The strikers' committee 01 the
striking textile workers of the American
Woolen Co., to President W. M.
Wood:
"Sir: We. a committee of the
strikers, take this means of answering
a statement published in papers
in this city and elsewhere with your
name attached. It is our intention to
he as brief as possible in dealing with
your open letter.
"Thursday morning. Jan. 3, P'12, a
committee called upon the agents of
the Ayer, Wood and Washington
mills, and endeavored to hold a conference
with these gentlemen and so
come to a peaceful understanding concerning
the demands of the workers.
Two of the agents refused to have
dealings with the committee, while
the other advised the committee to
write or consult with you at your
Boston office. As a result of the above
advice, the committee sent a letter to
your address containing th* demands
or' the Workers, but for some reason
or oilier, the letter was not answered.
"Previous to the strike, the Italian textile
workers held several meetings which
were largely attended, and they were
very .clear in their demands. We are of
tin* opinion that you have hud ample
time to consider the demands of the men,
women and children who have made the
American Woolen Co. what it is, today.
"In view of the fact that machinery
has been Improved the workers turn out
more and more work but they are not
paid accordingly, even though tin- price
of food, clothing and shelter has in
many eases Increased 50 or even 100 per
cent, in the lgst few years.
"We. the committee, are willing to
meet the officers of the company at anytime
and submit the grievances of the
strikers. If you believe in a square deal
you will not refuse to meet with us, but
will come at once and try to bring this
trouble to a conclusion. You must bear
In mind the fact that these men, nomen
and children have not gone on strike for
light or transient reasons, but because
they could no longer bear up under the
hardens laid on their shoulders. It seems

o us and to the strikers that as the I
\merican Woolen Co. has within tin* last]
IVw years built several large factories
which are paid for, according t*> your
)wn figures, and the company lias even
In the worst of times managed to pH''
livldetids to its stockholders, that it has
come to this; the workers arc of the
•pinion that the only competition left is
the struggle among themselves for a
miserable job at six. seven or eight dollars
a week. And they feel fortunate
when they manage to hold down such a
low-paid set of jobs.
"You speak of men from out of town,
wlm know nothing of th* textile Industry.
\Ye. the committee, would like to
know if the militia, the special policemen
and the Pinkerton detectives recently
brought into this city, know anything
ibolit the textile industry except t«» bayonet
and club honest workingmen Into
submission?
"Your attention is called to tin* fact
that all the mills of this city are more
or less affected. So this committee desires
the ni-ws spread broadcast that
there is a general strike on in Lawrence
against the slavery of tin- textile workers
and a united opposition against the
starvation wages of the past.
"Here are the demands of tin* strikers:
"1-Fifteen per cent, increase in wages.
"2- Abolishment of bonus or premium
system.
"li-Uouble pay for overtime work.
''1-No discrimination against strikers
for activity during tin* strike.
"TH I: STRIKERS* Ci )MM ITTKK"
At a secret meeting held in Loom Fixers'
hall, this evening, representatives of
the strikers refused to agree to the proposition
as put forward by the citizens'
committee that operatives from the different
mills confer with their respective
aCghts, declaring that it might result in
the settling of differences at some of the
mills and not at others, and in consequence
breaking the ranks of the strikers.
At the close of the meeting, which
lasted until midnight, Joseph J. Ettor.
tlie strike leader, gave out a statement
in which lie said that the meeting had
voted to s. ud ;t committee to Justin E.
Varney, head of the citizens' commitUn*.
and through him to notify the mill
agents that the operatives are willing to
treat with them in a body, but not otherwise

ANXIOUS.
(Continued from Page One.)
formed an inland sea from 80 to son
miles long and varying in width from
I :?5 to 40 miles.
The last district is Hunan where the
! floods w ere local, one section 30 miles
■square and containing at least 10,000
people was completely submerged. An
estimate of 100,000 people facing absolute
starvation in Hunan alone is considered
conservative while in the three
areas the lowest estimate of the destitute
is 3,730,000. Destitution such as
is experienced in China is undreamed
of in more progressive countries. There
almost no charitable Institutions and
many families are left shelterless and
nearly unclothed to endure the rains.
Pillage and destruction have commenced
in the country where the
revolutionists are unable to keep oral
et.
The Central China Relief Committee
with headquarters in Shanghai is
making an appeal In all countries for
I funds to carry on relief w ork.
STILL A CHANCE.
(Continued fr-m Page One.)
lannell. when informed of the action of
Hoc. Kosh and his Executive Council in
tile Phelps ease, by bis counsel. Atty.
William A. Morse, Saturday night.
"I told Rielieson as I talked with him
in his cell at the Charles street jail,"
said Mr. Morse. "He did not seem to
think what difference it might make to
his own appeal for executive clemency.
He still has hope that he will receive
mercy. But he Is prepared to die if he
must, and lie will go to the chair like a
man."
Despite the fact that the governor and
Ids Council acted on the Phelps case
several days ago, Rielieson was not told
of the decision. Orders issued by Sheriff
Quinn forbade any of the officers at the
jail to Inform Rielieson of the refusal to
commute fillips' sentence, and Sheriff
Quinn would not allow Rielieson to see
the newspapers.
Saturday night, however, during a long
conference with his client. Mr. Morse
told him all of the details of the fight
made to save Phelps from the chair.
Rielieson listened unperturbed. His only
comment was an expression of sorrow
for Phelps.
Mr. Morse declared that the tight to
save Rielieson would be continued. Within
a few weeks a petition will be presented
to the Governor and his Executive
Council asking for clemency in the case
of the condemned preacher on the ground
that he is mentally deranged. Not to the
extent that lie would be declared so le
gaily, but still mentally unsound. Formal
action in the tight to save Rielieson wid
not be begun, however, until the return
of Atty. John L. I.ee from Virginia.

CONGRESS.
(Continued l'rom Pape One.)
ins of the Democratic representatives
for ratification, Mr. Underwood said,
todn.v. that he believed that the believed
that the caucus would approve
it. that the t ill might be presented to
to tlie full membership of the ways
ami means committee immediately and
thru the real tariff tinkering in the
Hous- might begin by Wednesuay.
when he expects to call up the nitasTlv
revised schedule will put iron
ore on the free list, cut the tariff on
unwrought iron and steel by >d Cerent
and make reductions ranging 'M-*
ward from 20 per cent, on manu.actur,s
of steel, the Tower reductions
■■pplving to articles requiring skilled
r b* r. . _
Tomorrow will be a l-usy day m < °»(ress
President Farrell of tlie l rat'd
Slates steel Corporation, and J. Aiteed.
counsel for Andrew Carnegie,
viII testifv before the House oomm-t...
steel Trust affairs. '1 he report
,n the Wiley pure food controversy
vi 11 he submitted to the House, m n,-or
Lorimer will resume his defence
adore the elections investigation coinnittee.
The Senate committee on penilons
will take up the big service iwnuon
measure and Attorney Gem a
.Vickersham will discuss the sc--' ;"«
'Tobacco trust" before the
lommittee on judiciary.
CHEAPER OLEOMARGARINE
Jy Help That Promised Sixty-Ccntsa-Pound
Butter.
Washington. Jan. 21.-The increase
in the price of butter ordered by toe
Elgin Butter Board and the prediction
that the commodity will go to so
cents a pound has given impetus to
the campaign in Congress tor a reduction
in the oleomargarine tax.
Chairman Lever of th' sub-committee
of the House committee on agriculture,
which lias been considering
the oleomargarine bill, will recommend
a bill to the whole committee,
tomorrow, designed to lower the tax
on oleomargarine from 10 cents to less
than one cent a pound.
The chairman hopes to get it
through the House within a month.
It is believed this will do something
to lower the cost of living.
TO SUPREME BENCH.
Judge Ho'1' '* Seems Most
Likely Candidate.
Washington, Jan. 21.-Among friends
of President Taft, it was generally
understood, tonight, that the nomination
of United States Circuit Judge
Hook of Kansas to the supreme court,
to succeed the late Justice Harlan,
would he sent to the Senate this week.
Objections to Judge Hook, which were
referred to Attorney General Wickersham,
it was said, have not proved
convincing to the President and he is
inclined to make the appointment
shortly.
The President got back from New
York early, today. The French ambassador,
M. Jusserand, returned with
him. The President did not go to
church, this morning, as he usually
does, but remained in the executive
mansion

IMMENSE PROFITS
Made During Year by Promoters of
Fraudulent Schemes.
Washington. Jan. L'l.-Promoters of
! fraudulent si homes who hail obtain'
e<1 $77,000,000 from tie- public were put
out of business during the fiscal year
end! i* June "0 last, according to the
am u d report of Hubert S. Sharp,
chief inspector of the post office tie

Webster's New Illustrated
Dictionary Coupon
January 22,1912
Don't Forget Postage (22 cents) if to be forwarded by mail.

Cut out the above coupon, with five oth ers of different dates, and present
them at this office, with the expense bonu s amount herein set opposite any style of
Dictionary selected (which covers the ite ms of the cost of packing, express from
the factory, checking, clerk hire and oth er necessary EXPENSE items), and receive
your choice of these three books.

The $4.00 WEBSTER'S New Illustrated DICTIONARY
Is bound In full Limp Leather, flexible, stamped in gold on back and
sides, printed on Bible paper, with red edges and corners rounded:
beautiful, strung, durable. Beslaes the general contents as described
elsewhere there are maps and over 600 subjects beautifully
illustrated by three-color plates, numerous subjects Expense
by monotone, 16 pages of valuable charts in two colors, Bonus of
and the late United States Census. Present at this office QOsix
coupons of different dates and the.

The $3.00 Webster'* New Illustrated
Dictionary.
It Is exactly the same as the 34 00
book, except in the style of binding-which
is in half leather, with
olive edges ami with square corners.
SIX coupons of different
dates and the
Expense fll
Bonus of © ^ ©
Any Book by Mail 22c.

The $2.00 Webster's rJew Illustrated
Dictionary
Is In plain cloth binding, stamped
in gold and black; has same
paper, same Illustrations, but all
of the colored plates and charts
are omitted. SIX coupons of different
dates and the
Expense A Q
Bonus of 40C
Extra for Postage.

Ipnrtment.
which was issued, today.
This showing is tin- most remarkable
in the history of the department. Dur;
ing tile fiscal year, ."ifii individuals
were indicted on the charge of using
I the mails in furtherance of schemes
| to defraud. Of this number, lttfi persons
I were tried and 1S4 were convicted. The
schemes investigated were of endless
I variety. Chief Inspector Sharp says:
"In no instance, as far as known to
this office, has a person convicted on
a criminal charge of this character
[ attempted to re-organize his scheme
' under a new name as was often the
case where fraud orders alone were
| resorted to.
"The result of the year's work has
developed the fact that these fraud
manipulators are a distinct class of
criminals, some of them moving in
the hight st social and business circles,
but nearly all having more nr less affiliations
and connections with, or devisers
of. schemes or enterprises of
illegitimate1 character in which they
are not known as promoters."
In view of the heavy loss to the post
office department in prosecuting the
case, Mr. Sharp recommends that this
work be taken over for inquiry by the
department of justice
Harmon Opposi=
tion Getting Busy.
Columbus, Ohio. Jan. Jl.-The Progressive
Democratic League of Ohio
which was organized Jan. " for the
avowed purpose, of hindering Gov.
Harmon's presidential chances, but refrained
from mentioning his no, ne in
tile" initial meeting, began its first direct
attack, today, on the state's
executive. The first copies of the
pamphlet, of which, it vias said. 100,000
copies are to be distributed, were
'sent out by Ex-Cong. .John J. I.ontz,
president of the organization, a-.d \V
W. Durbin of Kenton, secretary.
The pamphlet attacks Gov. Harmon
as being the choice of Wall Street,
says the time is ripe for a Item ."ratio
victory and warns Democrats i ot to
lose the chance of this victory 1 y the
nomination of any but a Progt "-salve
candidate.

Abdication Exnected on Tuesday.
London. Jan. 22.-It is expected that
the edict of abdication will be i tied,
on Tuesday, the P<'kin corresp- ndent
of the Daily Mail says, and in adds
that the new Chinese empire \ ill be
known as Chung Htvti Kwo, n: ining
Middle Flower Nation.
FRANCE AND ITALY
May Have Interesting Time Over
Seizure of Steamer Manouba.
Paris. Jan. ill.-The gravity of the situation
arising from tin- seizure of tli ■
French steamer Manouba, on .Ian IS, by
Italian destroyers wldle on a voyage
from Marseilles to Tunis, lias been increased
by facts which came to lie a. today.
it now appears that the captain of
: the Manouba. which included among its
I passengers 2!i Turkish nurses of tin- Red
I Crescent Society, surrendered tin Turks
I only on orders from the French embassy
at Rome. It had previously been reported
that the captain disembark, il the
Turks on his own initiative at Cagliari,
in Sardina, and was then permitted to
leave tie- port.
The French foreign office declares that
no such orders emanated from Paris, but
on the contrary the consuls were instructed
through tile embassy to oppose
all surrender. It is further stated that
the question of the Turkish nurses on
hoard the Manouba was discusssed by
Premier Poincare and the Italian ambassador,
Signor Titoni, Wednesday, and
that the ambassador said that tie was
full satisfied with the premier's promise
that they should be subjected to rigid
scrutiny.
The action of the Frencli government in
demanding tlie release of the Turks is
approved throughout Fraiiyr as the only
means of removing what would otherwise
be an indelible stain on the French flag.
CONDENSED DISPATCHES.
Cardinal Bourne, who was one of
the archbishops recently elevated to
the curdlnalate by the Pope, made a
stai ■ entry into Westminster cathedral.
London, Sunday. The occasion
wa Invested with much pomp. The
reception was the first of its kind in
I ingland since the reformation, and
the presence of the Lord Mayor of
London, the mayor of Westminster,
members of tin* foreign embassies and
a host of city ofHeials attested the
importance of the gathering. Huge
crowds outside the edifice gave His
eminence a rousing welcome. The
procession of 300 robed clergy headed
by t1 e cardinal in bis scarlet robes,
w's a brilliant Spectacle as it moved
slowly to the altar

Sermon Touches
Embezzler's Heart.
_
Michigan City. Ini!.. Jan. -1.-Michael
J. Coyle, who says he was treasurer
of a lodge of Owls in Boston in lAlo.
anti a member of the Massachusetts
legislature in 1904 anil 19u6. gave
himself up to the police here, tonight,
in order that he might be sent back to
Boston to face a charge of embezzling
$2200 of the funds of the lodge. He
told the police that a sermon which
he heard in church, today, caused him
to surrender.
Boston. Jan. 21.-Michael J. Coyle,
up to July, 1910, was treasurer of the
Massachusetts .Vest of file Order of
Owls of Boston. Upon tlie election of
his successor to ottice Coyle failed to
turn over the funds in his possession,
claiming *hat his successor was not
legally elected. Disensions arose in
the nest, which led to the expulsion of
Coyle and four other members of the
order.
| Michael A. Drew, chairman of the
auditing committee of the Mussachu\
setts Nests and one of those expelled.
I immediately organized the New Kngland
Order of Owls and led in the seI
cession of most of the members. At
the sarrn time the new organization
put in a claim for the funds held in
the possession of Treasurer Coyle.
The punrrel was taken into the supremo
body of the Order of Owls and
the courts. The Supreme Nest ruled
in favor of the original Massachusetts
nest.
Cojle was a representative to the
Oei'cral Court from Boston in 1U04 and
1900.
Bishop Hamilton
As Money=raiser.

Portland, Me., Jan. 21.-Bishop John \V.
Hamilton of Boston jiald a visit to Portland,
today, and succeeded in raising the
debt of two suburban Methodist churches
and assisted in a note burning which
cleared the debt of another in the city.
This morning, at the Methodist church |
at Westbrook lie secured pledges
amounting to 152510. which raised the debt
of $1600 on t|iat church and left a surplus
for repairs. At the church in South
Portland he raised $170, the amount needed
to complete the balance of the debt
there, the remainder having been secured
during tile week.
This evening, at the I'lne Street
church he burned a note for $6000 which
I lias been met during the year. The last
named society a year ago had planned to
close the church and sell the property,
but was encouraged by Bishop Hamilton
to try to pay up their Indebtedness
and continue.
! SHUSTER LEAVES VIENNA.
Starts. Sunday Night. With His Fami- i
ly, for Paris.
Vienna. Jan. 21.-\V. Morgan Sliustor.
the former treasurer general of
Persia, and his family, left here, tonight,
for Paris. .Mr. Shuster is also
accompanied by Kelward Bell, secretary
of the American legation at Teheran,
who will return to his post alter
a few days in Paris.
Teheran, Jan. 21. A plot to kill one
of the American officials has been discovered
and this explains the attempt
against the American, Col. Bruce, attached
to the treasury guards, who
was shot at while leaving the barracks
on Jan. 16. A former officer of the
gendarmerie lias made a confession of
the plot, in which he implicates himself.
The object appears to have been
to create a political incident, in which
the United States would lie involved.
A court martial at Tabriz has been
busy sentencing constitutionalists to
death and exile.
DISTRICT MASTER RYAN FIRED
By Knights of Labor for Action in
Longshoremen's Strike.
Boston, Jan. 21.-Differences of
opinion among the officials of the District
Assembly of the Knights of lotlior
as to the wisdom of calling out the
freight handlers on a sympathetic
strike in aid of the striking longshoremen,
two weeks ago, resulted, tonight,
in the practical deposing of District
Master Workman Alexander Ryan j
from the head of the District Assembly
and an order to him to turn
over to the Knights of Labor authorities
the charter ritual held by him.
District Master Ryan, who has been
at the head of the district assembly
for four years, refused to c-ail out on

sympathetic strike the freight h; ndlers
in the employ of the Boston &
Maine Railroad after having been ordered
to do so by his organization. As
<i result of the refusal but 20<l of tlte
1500 freight handlers went on strike
and most of these, it is understood,
returned to work after being out two
or threi* days.
District Master Ryan did not attend
the regular quarterly convention of, the
assembly, today, to make his report
for the past term. Neither did the
master workman or any of the di zen
qualified delegates of the Boston
Maine Freight Handler's Assembly
appear at the convention, although all
other organizations affiliated von
represented. A committee was sent
to summon District Master Ryan and
to demand that he bring the charter
and effects of his office to the convention,
hut he could not be found.
The convention was therefore called
to order, tonight, by the ranking officer
and an election being called for
Michael Keevey, master workman of
O'Connell Ilongshoremen's Assembly,
was chosen to succeed Mr. Ryan as
district master.
BALTIMORE IS CONFIDENT
That It Can Take Care cf Democratic
National Convention Crowds.
Baltimore. .Jan. 21- Chairman Norman
K. Mack of the Democratic National
committee came--to Baltimore,
today, to confer with Robert Grain,
chairman of the local Democratic
convention committee. Mr. Mack was,
accompanied by John A. Mason, see- i
rotary to Gov. Dix of New York and
secretary of the Democratic S ate
Central committee of New York. They
left for New York, late today.
Mr. Mack said the arrangements at
the 5th Regiment Armory will be
modelled after those at the comention
hall in Denver.
I have gnne over the hotel ques ion
with Mr. Crain," said Mr. Mack, ''and
I believe that Baltimore is amply ; blc
to handle tlit* crowds." There will be
no increase in rates, it is announced.
New Jersey is "Agin" Wilson.
Baltimore, Jan. 21.-"New Jei sey
will send 28 delegates to the Nath nal
convention in Baltimore. Not one of
these will cast a ballot for the nomination
of Gov. Wilson," was the st. tement
made here, tonight, by James R.
Nugent of Newark, N. J.

BETWEEN THE EYES.
A Fist That Will Give the Devil a
Knock-out Blow.
Bouton, Jan. 21.-"The eight-d ys
campaign of the Mon and Religion
Forward Movement has shown that
Christianity is a live-fold doctrine,
which, when it closes, forms a list ttiat
hits the devil squarely between the
eyes, ' exclaimed George L. Cady, tonight,
wiien he brought to a close the
last meeting of the Forward Movement
in Boston at the Park Sti • el
church.
During the day 20 meetings w re
held in as many churches of Greeter
Boston and, tonight, the grund r; lly
and experience meeting denoting '.ho
dor; of the eight-days campaign \ as
held in tin Park Street church. Statistic*;
given by Secretary Charles
Pierce showed that 27.549 me n ; nd
boys had been reached by the move-J
meat, at least 25 per cent, of win in,
the speaker claimed, had taken a sop
forward ns a result.
Rev. Charles X. Stelile in liis cl is- |
ing remarks stated that 85/ boys l ad
given up some habit as a result of 'lie
* nisade. * Prof. Graham Taylor, Fred
B. Smitli and others among the principal
workers, testified to the f ict
that hundreds of men and boys had
f,lt the call and been benefitted by ihe
scries.
CONDENSED DISPATCHES.
l)r. William A. Dodge, a dentist at
Swansea, Mass., committed suicide, Funday,
by shooting. Friends say tliut ho
had not been himself since the death of
a daughter, last May. Mr. Dodge was 57
years of age.
lT. S. J. Dunbar, a sculptor. 1 as
completed a mask of the late Hear
Admiral Koblcy D. Evans, taken on
the date of his death, Jan- 3. The likeness
is said to be excellent. The mask
will be turned over to the family.
Judge Alfred A. Hall of the superiorcourt
of Vermont died, Sunday, at '1I3
home at St. Albans. Yt.. of Bright's disease.
He was 63 years old and was up-;
pointed to tile superior bench Dec. 1. 1 4)6
He was prominent in the advancement of
Free Masonry.
Dr. la-n G. Broughton, pastor of l ie
Baptist tabernacle at Atlanta, Ga., t ie
lirst institutional church to be found d
In the South, tendered his resignation,
Sunday, to become effective April 1.
He will go to Christ church, laiiuh n.
Fog., succeeding Dr. F. B. Myer, another
widely known clergyman.
To recover from the owners of the
coasting schooner John Bossert on account
of damages sustained by D' anmnd
Shoals Higlitship 71. when tlie
lattei was rammed by the Bossert,
Jan. !. the government. Saturday, tiled
u libel against the schooner claiming
$2500. The Bossert and the lightship
arc now undergoing repairs at Norfolk.

Wireless messages received, Suiui; y,
at Pt. Johns, N. F., from the steamer
Mount Temple, which was towing tin
disabled steamer Dart to St. Johns,
states that the Mount Temple has
been obliged to abandon the Dart and
has proceeded on her way to London.
Arrangements have been made to dispatch
the steamer Bellaventure to the
aid of the Dart as soon as her position
can be ascertained. The Dart is
on route from New Orleans for Copenhagen.
I
Chloroform and three doctors were]
necessary to stop Mrs. A. Fox of Amts,
iu., from laughing over her daughter's
story concerning an incident at a circus.
.She is slowly recovering from the Illness
which resulted from the laughing
spell. Mrs. Fox and her daughter were
working about the bouse, Friday afternoon,
when the latter told of something
she once saw at a circus. The mother
had been laughing two hours when medical
aid was summoned and chloroform
administered.
Richard Blaisdell, aged years and
one of the oldest residents of the Bradford
district, was found dead at hist
home on Main street. Haverhill, Saturday
afternoon. He had led a retired life
for muny years. That afternoon his son,
Ralph Blaisdell of Malden, went to Haverhill
and visited the home, where he
found his father lying lifeless across a
lounge in the sitting room. It is sup- 1

poi.ec! that while about the house, Saturday,
the deceased was stricken with
heart disease. A this stove1 in the kitchen
was found lighted. Medical Kxaminer
Croston gave death as due to heart
trouble.
About six persons in every 100,000
ill the United State s v err murdered,
in 1010. 'I'ltls estimate is made by Dr.
t'ressy 1,. Wlekbvtrn, chief statistical!
of the statistics of the census bureail.
He attributes to hotnieal causes 3190;
railroads killed 7X77: and automobiles
killed 9X0 persons.
A great public reception arranged
by the laity of the archdiocese for
Cardinal Farley in the Hippodrome
at New Vork. Sunday night, opened a
week which will lie filled with a round
of honors for him. in which Catholic
and non-Catholic citizens will unite.
The outpouring of Catholics, tonight,
was so large that thousands had to
he turned away because the Hippidrome
was not large enough to seat
them.
Workmen overhauling the debris of the
Revere House, Boston, tire. Saturday,
uncovered portions of two tinman bodies
on tile second Hoot-. Tile remains were
badly burned and portions of the torsos
and legs were missing. Susan Doherty
and Annie McDevitt, employes of the
hotel, are the missing women, and Saturday's
tind probably included portions
of both bodies. Tlie portions of the bodies
were found ever tile grotto in which
the tire started In tile rear of the Bullfinch
street side of the building. Tho
body of Gertrude Wilson, another employee.
was found, Thursday.
John O'Brien, the oldest retired manufacturer
of Westboro, died suddenly,
Saturday, at ids home. 1.7 Brigham street,
at the age of 85. He had been a resident
of Westboro 80 years and for 30
years was a sleigh manufacturer, making
between 300 and 400 sleighs a year, for
which he always found a ready market
in Chicago and New York. Mr. O'Brien
was born in county Waterford, Ire., but
when a young man came to the United
States and early settled lit Westboro,
He leaves seven children, William,
James, John, Jr., and Andrew O'Brien,
and Mrs. Dela Donnelly of Worcester,
Mrs. Martin Fannon and Mrs. John Casey
of Boston.

Mrs. Nora Hauck, wife of Dr.
Ulysses (Hunt Hauck, an inspector of
the United States department of agriculture,
shot herself to death. Friday.
in her home, in the Wadsworth
court. 129 Wadsworth avenue, New
York. Mrs. Hauck evidently had just
finished a conversation over the telephone
when she placed the revolver
to lier chest and tired. What the
trouble was that led her to end her
life was not officially explained, Saturday
night, but there was a report
umong her friends that she had been
remorseful over offending her husband,
in some way, and that, having
been ill for some time, she saw the
difficulty in an exaggerated light.
Porter Charlton, who is alleged to have
murdered his wife. Mrs. Mary .Scott Castle
Charlton, at Luke Como in Italy, in
1910, Is perfectly sane, according to tlio
district attorney of Hudson county, N.
J., and the Jersey City jail officials. Ibis
in splendid health. At the office of
the district attorney it was said there is
absolutely no chance of the young man
being released on bail, and that be will
remain in jail pending the outcome of the
proceedings which are to determine
whether he shall be returned to Italy for
trial. Tile case is now before the supreme
court of the United States, and a
decision Is not expected before some
time early in 1912.
News of the death. Sunday, In Philadelphia
of Bernard N. Karren, a widely
known contractor, whose summer homo
was near Greenfield, Mass., was received,
Sunday night, at Greenfield. Mr.
I'arren performed the difficult engineering
feat of roofing the lloosack tunnel,
built several railroads in Central Massachusetts,
dammed trie Connecticut river
at Turner's Palls and developed the
present town there, built the Chestnut
Hill reservoir in Boston and was one
of the eontructors who removed Fort
Hill in the business district of Boston.
He was a director in several large manufacturing
concerns and is reputed to
have had a fortune of to,000.000. A widow
and three daughters survive.
Standing beside the body of a lifelong
friend, Mrs. Marie Louise Lacasse
igi <1 U, of 604 Prescott street,
Manchester, N. H„ the wife of Jean
Baptiste Laeus.se, was stricken with
heart disease, Saturday morning, and
fell to the floor, dying before medical
aid could reach lu r. She had gone to
the home of Mrs. Ccllna Comlre, a,
frbnd of long standing, and with
whom at ono time, she lived, and who
had died. After climbing a long flight
ot stairs at the home. 27 Mechanic
street, she complained of a shortness
of breath. Stepping to the side of her
friend's body she had hardly looked
u|M>n her before she, without a word,
sank to the tloor. She was picked up
by those in attendance and a physician
and priest sent for. Rut she died,
shortly after, and before either the
physician or her spiritual adviser had
reached the house.
ANCIENT GAME OF CHECKERS.
Board Made in 3766 B. C. Is Found in
Egypt.

Jl l.irn).rev of London, the secretary
of the English Draughts Association,
in a lecture ut the rooms of
tite Manchester Draughts Club, traced
tile game buck to ancient Egypt, and
was of opinion that it was in that
country it had its origin.
He pointed out that Egyptologists
hail discovered many references to
the game not only in old papyrus, hut
by actual boards and men which had
been excavated from the ruins of the
old Egyptian cities.
Mr. Limbrey illustrated his lecture
by means of water color sketches and
photographs of draught boards and
men which are to be found in the
British Museum, London, and included
f ne which has lately been received
in the collection and was found by
Professor Finders Petrie.
This board, which belonged to the
fourth dynasty. 376t> B. t\, is the oldest
draught board extant. The lecturer
also showed that the game was
popular in ancient Greece and Home,
and expressed the opinion that the
Roman legionaries had been the
'means of spreading the game over the
greater part of Europe, even as far
north as Scandinavia and Iceland.-
Manchester Guardian.
The merchant must, to succeed,
persist in a purpose to make his
store necessary TO YOU. What
he is doing to that end Is always
told in his ads. For a forecast
of "what will it cost?" study tha
ads in the Journal today.