ESTABLISHED 1825.
AUGUSTA. MAINE. FRIDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 9. 1912.-TEN PAGES.
PRICE TWO CENTS

LAWRENCE STRIKE
General Feeling Seems to
Favor a Settlement.
Industrial Workers Com. May
Meet Agents' Com., Friday.
Central Labor Union Officials Also
Willing to Assist.
Lawrence, Mass.. Feb. 8.-As a result
of the visit of a state legislative
committee seeking to bring about an
adjustment of the strike of textile operatives.
the officials of the Industrial
AVorkers of the World announced, tonight.
thut they had appointed a committee
of 10 which would be willing to
meet a committee of the agents, tomorrow.
if such a meeting coudl be
brought about. The legislative committee
also secured from the officials
ol tiie Central Labor Union, which is
affiliated with the American Federation
of Labor, a rival of the Industrial
Workers, a statement that they were
willing to assist in any way to bring
about a settlement of the strike. The
Industrial Workers stilt maintain their
previous position that their committee,
representing their organization as a
whole will meet the mill agents as a
body and not as representatives of the
Individual mills. It was the refusal of
tile mill agents to meet the strikers on
tiie Individual basis that broke up a
previous attempt to tiring the two
parties together. In the meantime, the
Central Labor Union announced that
it would continue with its plan of holding
meetings of the different classes
of operatives in order to gain a formal
statement of their craft's grievances.
This statement, it was announced, tonight.
would be presented to the inrt!\hlHbl
mill agents, Monday morning.
Tiie strike, today, entered upon the
second month. Between 15,000 and 20,000
employes have been out of work and
many of tiie operatives have left town
Tiie city is beginning to feel the depression
acutely. Tonight, one of the largest
theatres in the city announced that
it would close, Monday night, for the
balance of the season. Tiie soap kitchens.
which have been operated for the
benefit of needy strikers.- were more
largely patronized, today, than at any
time since the beginning of the trouble.
The mill men reported gains in the mini(Continued
on Page Ten.)

CHURCHILL SPEAKS
ON IRISH HOME RULE.
Addresses Great Gathering at Beltast,
Thursday, Amid Scenes ot Excitement-Explains
Bill to Be Introduced
Into the Parliament.

Belfast, F'b. 8.-Winston Spencer
Churchill's incursion into Ulster which
threatened at one time to cause sanguinary
rloti/ig and serious loss of
life, has ended without even a broken
head. The first lord of the admiralty
and John K. Itedmond, leader of the
Irish Nationalists, spoke from the
' same platform on the home rule bill.
Mr. Churchill outlined the intentions
( f the government with respect to selfgovernment
for Ireland and declared
that no greater boon could come to the
empire than the settlement of the long
and bitter .quarrel between the British
government and the Irish iieople. .Mr.
Redmopu appealed to 1'lster, "In the
name of Ireland and the British empire,
justice and good will," to lend
lt° aid in settling the Irish question
wisely, well and forever.
The presence in Belfast of the largest
military force evei (fathered to
preserve the peace between Irish factions
combined with a drenching rain
to check the bellicose ardor of the
anti-home rulers, whose hostility was
rnainlv rented in booing and hooting.
But that an ugly temper was aroused
and that the civic authorities were
alarmed over possible consequences is
shown by the fact that on their advice
Mr. Churchill left the cil\ by a
special train two hours before the announced
time of his departure, thus
disappointing a huge crowd which assembled
later to give itim a mixed
send-off.
Mr. Churchill's speech was delivered
before an audience from .which every
effort had been made to bar all hostile
elements. It urouseu tremendous enthusiasm.
but at one stage a group of
suffragettes atlempted to create a disturbance
end several of them were
ejected.

The Nationalists burned effigies of
Lord Londonderry and Sir Edward
Carson, the Unionist leaders. The night
passed quietly.
In response to continued and enthusiastic
cheers by their supporters. Lord
Londondi rry and Sir Edward Carson
appeared on the steps of the Ulster
Club. Sir Edward said in a brief
speech, that he was proud of Belfast's
b-huvlor, but, he added, "We will
fight every inch against home rule."
Belfast. Ire., Feb. 8.- The essential
features of the Liberal government's
Home Rule bill to be introduced into
tile British Parliament were set forth
for the first lime, today, in the course
of the speech of Winston Spencer
Churchill, the first lord of the admiralty.
The bill is to contain provisions for
a fair representation in the two houses
of tl.e Irish Parliament of all classes
of the Irish people, and restrictions
will be placed on the passing of laws
or the imposition of taxes which might
be unjust to any party, while religious
freedom is to be secured. The armed
forces In Ireland are to be controlled
by the imperial government, but Ireland
Is to control its own finances,
while the imperial government will
continue its land purchase and pension
schemes.
Winston Spencer Churchill, first lord
of the admiralty, the chief figure in
today's home rule demonstration, arrived,
this morning, with his wife at
the central station and was given a
somewhat mixed reception. A number
of Orangemen, who had gathered at
the station, greeted him with groans
: and boos, but these were drowned in
' ihe hearty cheers of the large crowd
(Continued on Page Two.)

SIX POWERS
Are Expected to Gerry Out
Concerted Action
In the Protection of the Integrity
ot China.
See. Knox Addresses Mote to the
German Ambassador.
Washington, Feb. 8.-Sec. Knox's
note to Count Von Bernstorff, the German
ambassador, just made public, is
taker, to be the preliminary of an expected
exchange of notes between the
United States, Germany, (treat Britain,
France, Japan and Russia, which
would he of immense importance in
placing all those powers on record for
concerted action and a common understanding
in the protection of the integrity
of China.
While the note is addressed to the
German ambassador, copies have been
sent to all the other powers named.
•'There happily has thus far t>een no
reason for interference on the part ot
foreign powers, inasmuch as both Imperialists
and Republicans have guaranteed
the life and property of the foreign
population and the latest reports
tend to strengthen the belief that it is
improbable that future developments
will necessitate such interference,"
said Sec. Knox.
The remainder of the note follows:
"In reply to your note of the 31st
ultimo, requesting information as to
the attitude of the government of the
I nited States with regard to conditions
in China. I have the honor to
state that since the beginning of the
present disturbances this government
has from time to time as occasion
arose, exchanged views with the other
interested powers-particularly France,
Great Britain, Italy, Japan and Russia,
ns well as the imperial German
government, as to what course is expedient
for the protection of the common
interests. From -these exchanges
it lias been quite clear that all the
powers concerned were as nnqas to the
wisdom of maintaining the policy of
.oncerted action in the circumstances.
This unanimity of view found concrete
expression in the Identical note
presented by the representatives of
Franco, Great Britain, Germany, Japan,
Russia and the United States simultaneously
to the peace commissioners
at Shanghai, Dec. 2ft, as well as'in
the co-operative measures taken for
the protection of their common interest
throughout China.
"The advices received by this government,
moreover, show that the other governments
concerned have likewise had
similar exchanges of views and that official
statements of policy to the same
(Continued on Page Ten.)

LITTLE PROGRESS
Made, Thursday, In the
De Graff Murder T rial.
Evidence Fails to Produce Implement
Used in Grime.
One Witness, However, Tells of De*
fendant Using Cleaver.
Boston, Fob. 8.-''I ain't afraid to
talk. They can't prove anything
against me," were the words of William
De draff, the cook of the coal
barge Glendower, when he was placed
under arrest on the morning of June
!i for tlie murder of Captain Charles
B. Wyman, according to the testimony
of Sergt. McCaualand of the Boston
police at the trial of De Graff, today.
MoCausland said that De Graff appeared
anxious and strained when he
was placed under arrest.
The police officers reaclnxl the barge
at 3 A. M., and searched the ship, but
could find no weapon which in their
opinion could have been used in committing
the murder. MoCausland said
that there were no evidences of a
struggle in the captain's cabin.
Dr. A. Boos, who j>erformed the
autopsy, expressed the Opinion that
Capt. Wyman was killed about 3 F.
M., on June 8, or live hours before the
(Continued on Fags Ten.)
_ -

FOR CONTEMPT.
Pres. Gompers of Am'n.
Federation of Labor,
On Trial in Supreme Court,
District ot Columbus,
Admits Making Speeches for Which
He Is Prosecuted.
Washington, Fob. 8.-'The speeches
1 rondo, during 1908. wero in
support of the candidate and the
party which promised the labor
movement relief from the system of
federal injunctions which has grown
up. They voiced my political beliefs.
If. because of the exercise of that
right, 1 must go to jail, and 1 would
feel the loss of my liberty keenly, 1
will face that jail sentence and will
not llinch."
Samuel Gompers, president of the
American Federation of Gubar, made
that statement, today, in the supreme
court of the District of Columbia,
where he is on trial for contempt. He
admitted that he made speeches in
Indianapolis and Baltimore, which attorneys
who are prosecuting him insist
were contempt of court.
Mr. Gompers assumed responsibility
for i publication in the American
Federationist which said:
"Gabor will triumph in the end and
crush all the Van Cleaves."
(Continued on Page Ten.)

Papers About Ready to
Serve in Dynamite Case.

Indianapolis. Ind., Fib. S.-Almost
all the papers for the arrest of the 10
or more men indicted by the federal
grand jury for alleged complicity in
the dynamite conspiracy are now suid
to be on their way to the various districts
where the defendants are known
to be.
As some of tin- men charged with
being' accomplices of the McNamaras
and Ortle McManigul in discussing
more than 100 explosions against "open
shop" contractors, live on the Pacific
coast, it is believed tltc arrests, to
ltake place simultaneously, will be arranged
for not earlier than next Monday.
Within a few days after that the
defendants are expected to give bonds
for their appearance here, March 12,
for arrangement.
The names of the defendants are
still kept secret by United States District
Attorney diaries \V. Miller. 11c
said, today, the government hoped to
have in custody by. the time that any

one of them hail become known. This
is to prevent the disclosure of tlie defendants
identities by the nrrest of
one man, who could demand a copy
of his indictment involving others.
That reports had been received hv the
International Association of Bridge
and Structural Iron Workers that 30
or more of their international and local
oflieers were to be indicted was
Said by Frank M. Ryan, tlie president.
In his monthly report issued ot the
13,000 members, today. Mr. Ryan said:
"It is reported that 30 or more of
our oflieers as well as international
are to be Indicted. Don't be alarmed
about indictments of few leaders going
to Jail."
Mr. Ryan refused to make any other
comment. His report also calls upon
tile members to support a special fund
of $7000 a month. Tile report was issued
from headquarters here, where
.1. .!. McNamara, the convicted secretary-treasurer
of the organization,
was arrested, last April

A HURRAH.
Democratic Leaders Seek
To Divert Attention
_
From the Unpopularity of the
Special Session
By Holding State Convention at Augusta,
Day Before Opening.
The Democratic State convention
will be held, March lit, at City hall,
Augusta. United States Senator
Charles F. Johnson will preside at the
convention and the other speakers will
he United States Senator Ohadiah
Gardner of Rockland and Congressmen
Daniel J. McGillicuddy of Rewiston
and Samuel W. Gould -of Skowhegan.
These details were decided upon at a
meeting of the Democratic State committee,
which was held, Thursday evening,
at the Auguprta Horse and lasted
until nearly midnight.
Governor Plaisted was present at the
session by invitation and the matter
of the selection of State and district
committees, which, according to the
direct primary law, must now bo chosen
at the State convention was discussed
at some length. This State
convention will chose in addition to
the State committee and the four district
committees a county committee
for each of the 16 counties and will select
the six delegates and six alternates
from Maine to the next Democratic
National convention and will
nominate six Presidential and Vice
Presidential electors. The matter of
the form of the call was considered in
some detail and it will probably be
issued in a few days.
No definite action was taken in regard
to tlte opening of State headquarters,
hut it is generally understood that
they will be opened in Augusta, with
possibly branch headquarters in Portland
and Rangor.
The members of the committee present
wore: Hon. John S. P. H. Wilson
of Auburn, representing Androscoggin
county: Frank A. Peabody of Moulton,
representing Aroostook county; Oscar
It. Wish of Portland, representing
Cumberland county; Frank E. Mace, of
ft re: it pond, representing Hancock
county: Williaihlf5 Hurley of Rockland,
representing Knox county: UerfCnfitrifoentm
Pave Ten.)

THE WEATHER.
FAIR.
Washington, Feb. S.-Forecast for Sow
England: Fair, Friday and Saturday
colder, Friday . moderate west winds
Boston Forecast.
Boston, Feb. s - Forecast: Fair, Friday
and Saturday, not much change in temperature:
moderate northwest to west
winds.
Conditions and General Forecast.
Washington, Feb. 8.-'The temperature
lias fallen from the Missouri river valley
eastward to tile Atlantic coast, but tie
changes have not been marked. The
snow flurries in New England, New York
state andethe Lower Lake region hav
nearly ended, as the disturbance is passing
into the North Atlantic. No other
precipitations of importance have occurred
east of tlie Rocky mountains, but
a storm is apparently developing in 'iexas.
Fair weather will prevail generally
throughout the Last states, Friday, and
in tlie northern and Middle Atlantic sections,
Saturday. The temperature changes
will not be very marked in any district
and the weather will continue moderately
cold along the Atlantic seaboard for
the next two days. The winds along the
New England and Middle Atlantic coasts
will be moderate northwest.

BRUTAL BOMBARDMENT
BY THE CAMERA FIENDS
Is Charles W. Morse's Reception in New YorkHe
Does Not Flinch-His Wife, Ashen of Face,
Close hy His Side-The Ex-banker Will, After
Short Rest, Make a Trip to Germany.

New York, Feb. 8.-Charles W.
Morse, bank wrecker and parol led federal
convict, came back, tonight, to
the scene of bis former triumphs and
his conviction, crumpled up in a wheel
chair, silent and impassive as a lay
figure. Willi a white-faced wife at
ills side, he was pushed through the
curious throng at the Pennsylvania
station, lifted quickly into a taxicab
and whisked away to his home at 1-7
West estli street. Up expects to remain
there a week or 10 days before
starting for Itad Neuheim, Germany,
where he hopes to recover his health,
which physicians say prison lye has
shattered.
if Morse felt any emotion at his
homecoming, he did not show it. Not
once did he open his lips during the
progress of ids wheel chair from train
to taxicab. He did not even raise his
head; but sat with his hands limp on
the ehair arms, and his feet resting
feebly on the rest helots. Thus he
passed stolidly through the crowd with
a fur-trimmed overcoat collar partly
shielding his face.
Tlie train Ironi Atlanta was more
titan an hour late. Reporters and
photographers by the score awaited its
coming, and as it swept into the station
at r>.28 there was a rush to the
front exit of the Pullman ear hearing
Morse and party. Preparations for his
jdetrainment had been carefully made.
A wheel chair was rolled up with almost
automatic precision and Morse
was quickly installed in ft. *

As the chair shot across the cement
flooring there was a booming crash
and a burst of flames. Everybody
jumped. .Morse shrank back into the
chair. A photographer had taken the
lirst flashlight of the returning hanker.
Mrs. Morse looked anxiously at her
husband as the smoke cleared and
pressed close to the chair as it was
wheeled to the elevator. Iter face was
ashen, hut she said nothing. She and
Ur. A. 1,. Fowler, who has been expected
to accompany Morse to- Europe.
pushed their way into the elevator
with the chair, and Morse was
borne to the upis-r level.
lbre a greater crowd awaited him.
When the elevator gates swung open
a battery of flashlights was turned
I lose, and the fusilade continued as
he was wheeled to his taxicab. Morse
blinked, but in Ids face there was
nothing which the onlooker might
read. *
Ur. Fowler looked about him now
and then and viewed the throng curiously.
"How is Mr. Morse?" he was asked.
"He is a very sick man. but he stood
(lie trip better than I had expected,"
said the doctor.
' Will Mr. Morse attempt to go down
town befor* he leaves for Oermany?"
' Impossible," said Ur. Fowler.
"Will there be any old friends at
the home to greet him, tonight?"
"Xu one except the little family
party," replied. ih<- doctor.
■?5sTne'pferfyapprowmeirffa* watting

taxicab the police fought back the
morbidly curious who pressed forward,
and with the help of the station attendants,
a line was formed.
Through this the little man was
shoved and lifted into the vehicle.
Mrs. Morse for the moment was forgotten.
Dr. Fowler turned to assist
her. She was breathing hard and
swaying in the jam. The doctor put
nut his arm to help her, but she replied:
''Don't mind me. Oet Mr. Morse
In safely."
A tense moment followed, filled with
more flashes and reports and the little
party whizzed away. Charles W.
Morse was home again.
No outsiders were permitted to communicate
with either Mr. or Mrs. Morse
after their arrival at their home. Date
tonight, Dr. Fowler sent out word that
the former banker had stood the journey
well, but he would not ventute definite
prediction as to the time It would take
the patient to gain sufficient strength
for his contemplated ocean voyage.
Dr. Fowler corrected the prevailing Impression
that he would accompany Mr.
Morse abroad, saying that he would return
Month shortly to resume his practice
there, and might not even wait until
Mr. Morse sailed.
Charles Walters, formef vice president
of the Mansfield Rubber Co. alid
interested in concerns In three state*,
was arrested at Gallon, hio, Wednesday
night, on charges of tarceny and
embezzlement aggiegating $1*5.654.

Rev. Charles E. Jefferson Says
Country Needs Sweeter Ministry.

Bangor Me , 1'Vb. s.-Charles E. Jefferson,
EE. D., pastor of Broadway
Tabernacle, New York, in his lectures
before the clergymen of Maine and
other states in connection with Bangor
Seminary convention, today, said that
the country was demanding a sweeter
ministry. People are calling for a shepherd
ministry, each shepherd to know
by name all the sheep in his fold and
Whose pheep shall know Ids voice.
The day of the pulpit orator, the
evangelist and the church engineer,
has passed and there remains the supremacy
of character and of a sweet
and gentle heart. In this complex and
liarrasslng century there is the insis

tent call for tlit- minister of unseltlshness,
of gentleness, of understanding,
tact and love. Critics can tear down at
will any man's sermon, no matter what
the man's rating, hilt they cannot tear
down sweet and gentle acts. This is
the kind of ministry that is imperative
if religion Is to continue.
l)r. Smith f St. Paul, who is delivering
the course on "Applied Christianity,'.'
spoke, tonight, on "Social Revivals
in Italy and Knglund.'' The lectures
will close, Friday, with addresses
by Dr. Jefferson and Dr. Smith and
President Reach will announce the
speakers for next year, who are understood
to he among the biggest men
In the country.

Important Indict=
ments==U. S. Court
At Portland, Me.
Portland, Me., Fob. 8.-Nine indictment'
connected with alleged violation of the
contract labor law by Blddeford Greeks
were returned by the federal grand Jar.
this afternoon: Refat Asland and Yousln
Behir of Blddeford, Yachi Pehlirow.
Mahlin Lame and Fubrl Yousen of Saco,
accused of aiding tin- immigration of
contract laborers, and Nedjip All, Toofer
Aslan and Shaban Halim of Biddefo. t
and Lelia Ayas of Saco, of perjury lithe
preliminary investigation. The men
are employed at the Blddeford cotton
mills.
Indictments were also reported against
Fred R, Dixon, George Sullivan, John
T. Ryan, John E. Conners and Harry C.
Morgan, charing them with robbing th
West Buxton post otnee.
other indictments were: John A. Devlin
of Chelsea, larceny; John Jennings,
Kittery, larceny; Moses Morneuult, smuggling.
VERDICT FOR DEFENDANT
In Case of Fred H. Thorn Estate vs.
Travelers Insurance Co.
Portland, Me., Feb. 8.-Judge Hale directed
a verdict for the defendant in
the United States district court, today,
in tile case of the estate of Fred II
Thorn, late of Gardiner, against the
Travelers' Insurance Co. of Hartford, Ct.
The Insurance company resisted the payment
of an accident policy, claimed on
account of loss of eyesight, on the ground
tlie plaintiff's eyes were defective when
lie took out the policy. A verdict for
had been previously rendered, but
a new trial was ordered.
7-20-4
Output for 1911, 29,356,736.
increase during the year 6,282,834.
Factory at Manchester, N. M.

CONDENSED DISPATCHES.
Mark Ames of Newton Falls. Trumbull
county, Ohio, mid Mrs. Jeanette Hays of
Newark, N. Y„ were married there,
Wednesday, at the home of the bride's
sister, Mrs. Helen Lewis. The bridegroom
Is 83 years old and the bride is 77.
The Empress Hotel at Moose Jaw
Sask., was destroyed by fire, Wednesday,
with a loss of $100,000. The guests
lost everything and, with employes of the
hotel, escaped by jumping from the upper
windows.
One fireman was seriously Injured and
a loss of $300,000 was caused, early Thursday,
when lire destroyed a three-storv
brick warehouse of the Chicago Railway
Co. at 3907-11 West End avenue, Chicago.
The origin of the tire is unknown.
The court of appeals at London,
Thursday, confirmed the judgment
rendered hy Justice Hamilton of the
King's Bench division of the high
court of justice on Feb. 15, 1911, declaring
that the American Thread Co.,
which is incorporated under the laws
of the state of New Jersey, is liable
to an Income tax In tireat Britain on
I profits amounting to $900,000.
.
I7. Grant Pierson, son of Mr. and Mrs
George W. Pierson of Western avenue
Morristown, N. J., has been missing from
his home in Plainfield since Dec. 36. Ho
is file proprietor of a prosperous market
there. The day he disappeared lie
walked out of the shop without saying a
word as to his plans. He had with hhn
about $300, but his bank account was untouched.
The explosion of a tank of gasoline
on the third floor of the six-story
building at 531 Worthington street,
Springfield, Mass., Thursday, resulted
in the burning of the entire building
and a loss of $300,000 to the owners
and occupants, George Smith and
John J. Moynahan, conducting business
as the Auto Metal Co. The fire
threatened adjoining property for
nearly an hour but finally was confined
to the building in which it originated.
Several automobiles wera, burned,
while the company lost considerable
valuable machinery. The building
was old and of comparatively little
\ able.

ALL GUESSING
Why Viscount Haldane His
Gone to Berlin.
Secretary ol War Leaves London
on Mysterious Mission.
Many Rumors Afloat, But Non
Seem Easy of Solution.
London, Feb. 8.-Various reports
which throw n cloak of mystsry around
the visit of Viscount Haldane, secretary
of war, to Berlin, do not And any
support In official circle*.
It was rumored that he had gone to
Germany to conduct negotiations in
reference to the restriction of armaments.
In another quarter It was said
that ills visit was connected with the
cession of Walflseh Bay in South
Africa to Germany, while still another
saiil that hts purpose was to try to secure
the pardon of Bertrand Stewart,
the London lawyer whose recent sentence
to three and a half years imprisonment
by the Imperial court at
Lelpsig for espionage has caused so
much resentment in England.
There is every reason to believe that
Viscount Haldane has gone to Germany
merely to see a personal friend
on purely private business and that hls
visit is strictly non-political.
BERLIN ALSO UNCERTAIN,
But Thinks Viscount May Disouts
Anglo-German Relations.
Berlin, Feb. 8.-Viscount Haldane,
the British secretary of war, accompanied
by his t.rother, arrived here, today.
The aim of hts visit is ostensibly
purely private, but it is probable that
he will take the opportunity of discussing
Anglo-German relations with
Dr. Von Bethmaun-Hollweg, the imperial
chancellor, and Her Von Klderlen-Waechter,
the secretary of state
for foreign affairs, and of learning
from them on what conditions Germany
is inclined to listen to overtures for
^hoir betterment.
The Bagdad Railway and German
colonial expansion in Africa have for a
long time been tinder discussion as
subjects in regard to which Great
Britain might indicate her good will
to Germany in a tangible manner.
Haldane's Visit Is "Explained.*
London, Feb. 8.-The foreign office authorizes
the following statement respecting
the visit of Viscount Haldane, secretary
of state, to Berlin:
"Viscount Haldane, as president or the
Royal Commission of University Education,
has gone to Berlin to investigate
scientific education in German universt(.Continued
on Page Ten.)