THE WASHINGTON TDtES, TUESDAY, FEMtUARY 27, 1912.

iv Published Every Evening In the Year at
THE MUNSEY BUILDING
Penna ave., botwecn 13th and 14th sts.

PRANK A. MUN3EY,
Proprittor.

F. A. WALKER.
Managing Editor.

I SUBSCRIPTION HATE3 BY MAIL.
1 mo. Z mo. ( tnoa.
gaily and Sunday 10.30 0.0 11.75
ally only.... 2S .7J 1.B0
Eunday only 25

1 yr.
3.50
3.04
.CO

JANUARY CIRCULATION

DAILY.
Total (toxs, Jan., 151J....1.M.030
Average grots, Jan., 1912. 47,620
Total net, Jan., 1912 1.104.S86
Average net, Jan., 1912.... 40,922

SUNDAY.
Total uroei, Jan., 1912.... 170.721
Average cross, Jan. 1912.. .?
Total net. Jan., 1912 145'JJ1
Average net, Jan., 1912. .... SG.C.6

I iolomnly swear that the accompanying atntemont represent the
circulation of The VTaahlngton Times aa detailed, and that the
net figures represent, all returns eliminated, the number of copies
of The Times which aro soldi delivered, furnished, or mailed to
bona. Ada purchasers or subscribers.
FRED A. WALKER,
General Manager.

District of Columbia, tt:

ALFRED HiaillE. Notary Public

Bubscrlbed and rwot n to before me this first day of February,

.912.
(Seal.)

'A, XX. 1912.
(Bet

Entered at the Postofflce at Washington. D. C as second clans matter.

I"

TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1912.

GREATER WASHINGTON'S POPULATION.

The figures just given out by the Census Buj reau show that the population of the metropolitan
, area of Washington in 1910 was 367,869 as against
305,684 in 1900, making an increase of 20 per cent.
In the city proper the population was 331,069, showing
an increase of more than 18 per cent over 1900.
In "Greater Washington" the population was
413,458.
These figures show a normal and healthy growth,
such as we may well count upon for many years to
come, and even at this rate it will not be long before
I our existing public utilities will be put to a severe
; test. '
The question of transportation is already acute
1 and the initiation of a comprehensive subway system,
which will relieve the congestion of traffic has
received a strong impetus by this showing of our
growth in .population. There are other utilities which
, should keep this growth of population in mind.
PERILS OF TREASURE TROVE.

learning, analyzing, passing along the knowledge
brought to them through avenues whoso very existence
we of tho Occident did not expect; and when
they had decided that it was good, they rose and
adopted the new system.
American influence has appeared everywhere
throughout the revolution. The United States ought
to lead the world in recognizing the new republic,
and in extending assurance of friendly interest in its

welfare. '

sexhm

New Verses to the Ozark Houn' Song

IN FOR A REAL FIGHT.

An interesting case has been occupying the at

tention of the courts in the upper part of Maryland,
in which a young woman was suing her father for
"a pot of gold," which the latter dug up on his farm.
The fact that she helped him to count the money
after it had been found would seem to constitute a
! very slender claim. If the precedent were once allowed,
and people could claim the money they helped
" to count, the money trust would receive a shock, all
1 right, but the rights of property would become more
or less uncertain.
The important fact, however, is that the pot of
i gold was really and truly found. It was not located
at the end of a rainbow; it was not in one of Edgar
I Poe's stories; it was. not on any of the coasts and
I islands formerly frequented by Captain Kidd and
his merrv men of the lolly Roger. It was there in

, good old Maryland soil, as veritable as death and
taxes.
It is about the first authentic realization of
! treasure trove which has found its way into print in

lo! these many years. The fine points of law involved
in the case will cause it to be printed in the
law journals, while the newspapers are scattering the
details broadcast over the land. The adventurers

1 who believe in signs and omens, and have visions of
1 sudden wealth will take heart of grace. We may
expect to see low, rakish crafts snooping out of the
1 bays and harbors all along the Atlantic seaboard,
j bound for other inlets where hidden treasure has
j had a legendary existence since pieces of eight were
I current coin of the realm. If the epidemic becomes
! as acute as there are reasons to believe, we may
expect to see something like the South sea bubble
sweep over the country. All because one buried
i treasure turned out to be something more than the
hallucination of indigestion.
And yet a wise man once maintained that people
will dig for Wisdom as for hidden treasure.
MR. SULZER'S RESOLUTION.

There is every reason why Congressman Sul-zer's
resolution of congratulation to the people of
China should be passed, promptly and unanimously;
none whatever why it should not.
The resolution is a proper and fitting felicitation
to the Chinese people on having adopted the instru-
, mentalities of self-government and an expression of
the hope that their progress will be marked by entire
success.
No diplomatic propriety can be urged against
its passage. There is no war in China; no outside
power has concern; it is not the recognition of a new
nation's coming into existence by reason of rebellion.
The Chinese nation is the same nation as for thousands
of years past; its relations to the rest of the
world are the same. It chances, merely, that by

agreement of all parties the reigning family of
Manchus, the princes of that house, and armies and
the people the government of China has taken a
new form.
When we know more about the Chinese revolution,
we will understand more clearly than is now
possible, how greatly the example of the United
States has influenced China. Chinese travelers, students,
coolies, even, have for decades been carrying
home accurate impressions of American institutions.
We have been, as a people, stupid enough not to

understand how far from stupid these Chinese were.
We have imagined that the average Chinaman got
nothing out of his observations here; that he saw
with unseeing eye, and carried home nothing or- inspiration
and ambition in behalf of his own country.
Qufte the contrary, we now understand, has
been the case. Never in history has so little a
leaven leavened so great a mass. That it has done
so, is proof of the peculiar capacity of the Chinese
people for understanding, appreciating, adapting institutions.
Instead of wallowing in ignorance. stolidMr. Roosevelt's letter in response to the governors
is out. There is no longer any doubt where
he stands. As he himself puts it, if the convention
sees fit to nominate him, he will accept the nomination.
This is what the people have wanted to know,
have wanted to be sure of. With this question settled,
the voters of the country who favor Mr. Roosevelt
can get busy.
It is a very pretty play, a very pretty contest we
have ahead of us. On the one side is Taft, with all
the glamour and glory of the office of President, and
lined up with him is all the patronage of the Government,
together with the politicians of the country

for the most part, the money interests and special
interests for the most part, and the standpatters or
reactionaries almost to a man, working for his re-nomination.
Against this formidable and seemingly insurmountable
combination is one man Theodore Roosevelt
with no patronage, no following of officeholders,
and little or no following in the money strongholds
of the country.
But this one man in himself, alone, in what he
has accomplished and what he has in him to accomplish,
is a power with the plain people that must be
reckoned with, a power the measure of which cannot
be well estimated at this time.
The only estimate we have is his tremendous
popularity in the past, his marvelous popular vote
in 1904 for President of the United States, and the
straw ballots that have been taken all over the country
within the last few months. These straw ballots
are extraordinary in the showing they make for
Roosevelt, his almost universal and wonderful popu

larity with the people.
The play, then, the contest, the fight, is between
the people, who do the voting, the people who are
the backbone and sinew of the nation, who are the
nation, matched against all this tremendous organization
of political power, of money patronage and their
allies. It is the steam roller versus the people.
Will the people win out? Will they have their
way in this nomination for the President, or will the
politicians dominate them? This is the Question, the
real question.
CONTINENTALIZING ALL AMERICA.

Roosevelt Btruck Boston town,
Think ho turned tho nomination down?
Though his policies ain't bo noun'

I don't boo 'cm Kicking '" ag nroun-.
MRS. M. C. SILLERS.
311 E street northeast.
Thcro Is goln' to bo a dawg In tho
Whlto Houso grouns'
And Woodrow Wilson Is goln' to bring
hint nroun'
And no's not goln' to como from a Missouri
town,
BocauBO ho's going to bo a New Jersey
houn'. WILLIAM. TRAYLOR.
015 D street northwest.
For some of theso days I may como
But I'm j;oi'nc to wait till tho Taft's
move 'way ,
Rn inn ntnl mv dnwe mav feel nt homo

With Theodoro Roosevelt under tho

dome.
MRS. E. E. THOMPSON.
1300 Pennsylvania avenue northwest.
If you don't quit klckln my long cared
pup,
Ho'll turn on vou and will show you up;
He's n wicked fighter If he Is a houn
And you can't run him out of this
hero town. JOHN HERNDON.
1303 P street northwest.

When Teddy It. was In this twon,
Evorythng wns all safe nntl soun
If In tho White Houso he again sits
down. . ,.
You'll find thcro's a "dawg" you cant
kick nroun'. J. L. CHASE.
21 Sixth street northeast.
Toddy R., tho great I nm,
Thinks evcrbody Is not worth a clam
Who does not nprovo his cut-and-dried
plnn,
To establish himself as Uncle Sam.
J. L. HOLLAND,
1105 North Capital street.
mil rtrvnn In n. man of crcat rcnoun,

They nil start barking when ho comes
But you might think ho Is still In the
moun'
You will find them gruntln' when ho

makes a soun . miih. h. a. i'..
419 II St. N. W

t

POETS' HOLIDAY ENDED

Kverv llmo T rnmn to town.

A "White (House) Hope"' has Jest been
foun'
But th' question rises and floats arouir:
Teddy Bear, 'Possum, or Miss Ouri's
houn'?
O. MARC PHILLIPS,
94? 8 street N. AV.

More than 4,000 Ozark Houn' Song verses have been
received by the Political Song Editor of The Times, and
despite the fact that he was swamped with airs before the
contest closed last night, he will be able to announce the
name of the winner in tomorrow's Times.
An avalanche of verses came into the ofTice at the last
minute. Today the Political Song Editor is carefully going
through these, and will decide tomorrow morning who shall
receive the $5 prize.

Award Will Be Made Tomorrow

..,.,.l.f..M.Hi...,.lt'-.H-mt-.IM'-,"

Some day soon I'll be poking aroun
A place they call tho Whlto Houso
groun',
An' I don't caro a bit If ho Is a houn',
They'd better quit klckln' my dawg
nroun'. T. A. BURNS.
421 Ninth street southwest.

Me and my dawg aro Democrats born
And claim tho right to blow our own
horn:
Tho boss of tho House you never will
down
Whllo at his beck stands mo and my
houn. C. E. B.
National Soldiers' Home, Tenn.

You guys can kick theso., old bones
'roun',
But to smell out the fnkes It takes a
houn',
For an honest polltlshon novcr was
foun'.
So I only take stock In my old measly
houn'. W. W1MES.
418 Massachusetts avenuo northwest.

My ole houn' Is not so slow,
Ho can make old Teddy Bear ahnko his
toe,
Ho has got Billy Possum on the go.
He Is from a Stato you liavo gotta
show. R. H. POINDEXTER.
Clifton Station, Va.

Next year tho peoplo they will Iauh
TMt my B'tl'n' ty Pr"Wt
Ho used lo bo somo kind of a clown.
But then they can't kick my 7.
arou& t, B- "ALU
20CO Porlner placo northwest.

Taft nnd Roosovelt, bobbin' 'roun'.

uoc some nerve, rn bo bound;
Plenty of kickers in Congress found,
But they betcr not kick my dawg nroun
MRS. MARY C. SILLERS.
511 E street northeast.

Taft In tho White House, safe and soun

jian no purp to kick aroun';
If, Baltlmoro adopts tho Missouri houn
Chicago will twist his tall aroun'.
ELMER D. FRANK,
128 C street northeast.
Now listen to mo and take a hunch.
Get In lino, with tho rest of tho bunch.
Cast your voto tor Champ and his houn'.
An quit you klckln' hla dawg- aroun'.
T. v. A..

Tho Essex, 1422 N street.
Champ Clark Is In tho race to stay,
No power op earth ran keen him away,
lies located right In this hero town.
So don't try to kick his dawg nroun'.
J. J. BHOQMAKER.
When Cl-amp Clark ho hits a town
Republicans all rush aroun',
And act as nervous as a houn'.
Because they know he'll carry tho town.
O. H.,
Tho Granada, 1433 T street.
Now. boys, when I como to town.

Don't seo you klckln' my dawg aroun',
'Causo he s gotta tag, that good ol

noun .
That'll land him In tho Whlto Houso
Eafc and soun.
ALEXANDRIA, VA.
For sixteen years they'vo kicked my
houn'.
And r.ow the tlmo i rollln' aroun
When a big man drlvin' white mules
through town
Will make 'eri quit klckln' my daws
aroun'.
R. H. P..
223 First street northeast.

old

If I gets In that Whlto House race,
I'm sure coin' to give Bill Taft a chase.
And if Teddy comes "stlckln' " nroun'
I am sure goln' to let loose my houn'.
u. a. burics.
20: Hamden street N. E.

When I lenve Mlzoo for Washing-town,
Theso 'ere fellers'll be hungln' eroun'.
And I won't more'n et settled down
Fore they'll all be a-pettin' 'er my ole
houn'.
W. II. TRATHEN,
Tuxedo, Md.
If fun for some to kick dawg aroun',
Taft und Teddy want him hent to tho
pound:
Behind the mule team tho houn' will
follow.
Thin shnw-mo dog without Wall Street
collar.
K. R. FORSTEN,
2130 Flagler place N. W.

The announcement that New York is to have
another twenty-three-story hotel, at, a cost of more
than $5,000,000, and to be a part and parcel of the
New York Central terminal, suggests inquiry as to
whether there are any possible limits to the hotel
development in our great cities.
Manhattan is now the most luxurious city known
to the history of the world, not excepting Minos,
Thebes, Corinth, and Rome.
But in all the ancient centers of luxury the
voluptuousness and the vice were centered in the
villas and palaces of those possessed of great wealth
or great power or both. To the outsider, to the plebeian,
they were as if in another world.
New York, the modern Babylon, is a democratic

Babylon. Its luxury and its voluptuousness center
in and are to be found only in the huge hotels and
magnificent cafes that have, in the space of a score
of years, transformed metropolitan life. In this
democratic Babylon no question is asked, whether
a man is wealthy or has power. Whosoever will may
come, be he possessed only of enough money to pay
for one night's entertainment and the necessary
tips for the waiters.
Students of society may well take into account,
in summing up the conditions of modern American

life, this phase of New York, for it must be remembered
that the patrons of these luxurious hostelries
and restaurant are not only New Yorkers; but that
they are everybody, from everywhere, who can raise
the price for an annual visit to the metropolis.
The ways of the metropolis thus arc carried
away to the provinces; and we find them everywhere.
All America is becoming or has become cosmopoli-tanized,
continentalized. We are already more continental
than the Continent in many regards and
these include many of those lees: creditable or desirable.

My ilawg's gottln' po' and thinner,
lluvln' to' ko without his dinner.
Because things are so AWFl'L high;
But Champ will down 'cm by nnd by.
MARIE V. 1IERRELL,
Manassas, Va.

LETTERS TO THE TIMES MAIL BAG

Readers of Tho Times aro Invited to uso this department as their own to write freely and frankly
With tho assurance that no letter not objectionable lu language will bo denied publication. Letters must
not, liowcTcr, exceed 250 words in length, and must bo written only on ono side of the paper. Letters
must bear tho names and addresses of the writers, as evidence of good faith, but the names will not be made
public without tho consent of tho contributors. Address MAIL BAG EDITOR OF THE TIMES.

WISE SHALL UNDERSTAND
WICKED ARE DECEIVED

Four long years he's been slttln there,
A-rcstln' In that White Houso Chair,
Everybody known he ain't played fair.
So wo gonnu put Teddy back In there.
D. J. H.,
m Woodward Building.
Wheu-di' iilfiod-houn' sleeps on the
Wall Street rug.
An' ue grey. houn' peeps at do literary
bjg.
Do foik'll all follow ills regular houn'
An' all stop n-Kli kin my davg nroun'.
CHARLES H. WATERS.
Pindcll. Md.
Woodrow klcKcd poor Harvey aroun'.
And til the boys turned Bryan doun,
Tint Vok out Bill, vou'll get It, too.
For here comes Teddy right after you.
B. S..
I.'j7 Connecticut avenue. City.
l.i'ok oMt for tho dawg that never

I arks
He's alwavs quiet and never larks.
This noun' 1; Harmon's nnd ou'U soon
see
That all other rlawjs -v. ill bo un a tree.
MISS PEGGY TURNER.
73 V St. N. W.

What's on the Program in
Washington Today

To tho Cdltor of Tilt: TIME?
God says tho wlso shall understand,
but the wicked arc deceived, und? being
deceived, ono of the signs of tho end of
time, according to Serlpturcs, Is the
backsliding of tho Christian. ""On account
of iniquity In tho land, tho love
of many shall wax cold. People that
don't believe God, He says. He will send
strong delusions, that they might believe
a He. But those that live holy and
believe God have sweet communion with
God, and they can see and know for
themselves that there Is a God. Ho Is all-power.
Qod, who brought all worlds
Into exlstenco by saying "Let there bo

llglit, and there was llgnt," Is almlgnty.
Thoso who do not believe God make
Him a liar by denying 'Ills word, and
that Is Impossible, for He Is divine,
holy, Ho is immutable. Infallible. Saviour,
and cannot sin. God does not
hide sin. Ho shows It. but If the Word
of God had been man's work, for a few
dollars. It would havo been hid. It was
written in tho Bible for our good and

learning, that those who do such things
can look to God and repent and forsake
their sins, and God will forgive them,
too. CARRIE V. KRAMER.

connections still living, don't want to go
to the homes, or when compelled by
force of circumstances to accept toe
gratuity, separation from all on earth
dear to them evcntuall ,- shortens their
unhappy lives In various ways, homesickness,
suicide, or drink, perhaps. In
many cases.
Pass tho Sherwood Bill or even a
more generous one nnd let It not bo
said our Republic, for which we are
Indebted to these veterans, has after,
all proed ungrateful.
VETERAN.

THINKS SENATOR OWENS
MAY BE DARK HORSE

MAKES EARNEST PLEA
FOR CIVIL WAR VETERAN

The Commercial Club's get-together dinner to
the members of House and Senate District Committees
last night was one of the most delightful
occasions in the history of the club, and should result
in a better understanding between Washington
men and the District legislators.
If you have business at the District building today,
be careful to ask for Colonel Judson or Major
Markham, if you would see the Engineer Commissioner
or the assistant. Major Judson and Captain
Markham are people of the past.
Mr. Chaloner says he is used to being a martyr.

That was an incautious statement. The world makes
martyrs of people who are not used to it with little
enough compunction, anyway, and those who are can

hardly expect much sympathy.
A London cable says news is expected any moment
that the South Pole has been discovered. Is
anybody keeping an eye on our old friend "Doc"
Cook? It would be just like him to go over and tell
the Danes about it.

ity and incapacity, they have been quietly studying, j$e is all there

Nat Goodwin has been sued again. By way of
variety, however, it is not for divorce this time, but
on a liquor bill. Nat may not be particularly daft
about song, but when it comes to wine and women

The following Masonic organizations
will meet tonight: Lodges Federal,
No. 1, E. A.; Aeucki, No. 18, E. A.;
Takoma, No. 29.
Royal Arch Chapters Mt. Horeb, No. 7,
M ; Potomac, No. 8, M.
Knights Templar De Moluy Command-cry,
No. I. lnspoetlon.
Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite-Robert
do Bruce Council of Kodash.
Eastern Star Chapters Electa. No. 2;
Bethlehem, No. 7.
The lollowlng I. O. O. F. organizations
will meet tonight: Lodges-Washington,
No. G; Golden Rule, No.
21; Amity, No. 27, and Phoenix. No.
28, business.
Encampment Fred IX Stuart, No. 7,
degree work.
Tho following Knights of Pytlilus lodges
will meet tonight: "Webster. No. 7:

Excelsior, No. 14; Germanla, No. 15;
Capital. No. 21; Myrtle. No. 25.
Annual dinner of tho University Club,
the New Willaid. 8 p. in.
Thirty-fifth anniversary ball of the International
Geneva Hotel and Restaurant
Employes, Washington section,
old Masonic Temple, 9 p. m.
Rally In tho Interest of liquor legislation
for the District, under tho auspices
of tho Anti-Saloon league. First
Congregational" Church, 8 p. m.
Illustrated travelogue, by E. P. Fitch,
Ingram Memorial Church, 8 p. m.
Lenten lecture on "Worldwido Responsibilities
of Churchmen." by the Rt.
rtev. G. Mott Williams, bishop of

Murquctto. under the auspices of tho
Churchman's League, tho Church of

the Epiphany, b p. in.
Leetiirn on "Commercial Fruit Glow

ing In the Eastern i-an oi mo united
States," by H. P. Gould, pomologist,
Y. M. C. A.. S p. m.
Lecture on "The Sign of tho Living
God With Us," by Aloivso T. Jones
Flynn's Hall, Eighth and K streets
northwest. 8 p. m.
Dinner for men, ait. Pleasant Congregational
Church, 7 p. ni.
Visitation of tho grand matron and

grand patron to Electa Chapter, No.
2, Order of the Eastern Star, Anacos-tla.
8 P. m.
Conferring of degrees by tho Anacostla
Chapter, No. 16, Junior Order United
American Mechanics, Masonlo Hull S
Illustrated Iccturo on "Ravenna," by
Charles Dlehl. Alllanro FrancalsC.
Washington Club, 1710 1 street northwest,
4:20 p. m.
Amusements.
Nutlonol-'legfelrt l''lleH. VJ p' m'
Bolnsco "Bohemian Gill, S:15 p. m.
Columbia Wilton Lackaye, 8:16 p. m.
Chase's "Everybody" und Polite vuuile-nio
":ir, and S:15 p. m.

Academy "Polly of the Circus," 2:15

ii.l tt-IK I). 111.

Cahlno Ellto audeville.
Cosmos-Continuous vaudeville.
Guycty "The Meny Whirl," 2.13 nnd
h:10 p. ni.
Lcoum-Mlncr's Americans. 2:15 und
8: 15 p. in.
Areade Skating, bowling und motion
pictures.

To the Kdltor of TUB TIMCS:
Why don't tho members of the Committee
on Pensions of tho Senate open
their hearts and show some inclination
to bo generous in their dealings with

the Civil Wnr veterans? There Is as

reason why they should not, but very

just reasons why thoy should. The
Committee is dominated by Republicans,
men who have good reason to
npprcclate the former services of these
soldiers. Aro they of the same class

ns those who in 1S60 elected Abraham
Lincoln, tho same who, the following
year, obej ed by thousands, the call of
our noble and generous President for
soldiers to save our country from destruction?
Perhaps not. They may be
of tho new species of Republican or
which we hear much of late, and not
inclined to listen to the vaporings of
these old men, all of whom will soon
receive the last summons. It would
seem ns If sentiment In tho matter
must be dead, suiciv.
Mr. Taft. In addressing an assemblv
of Civil War veterans some days ago,
lauding their former services to the
country, etc., urged preparation for war
as tho best method of preserving peace.
Very encouraging, of course, to those
present. Wh did he not let his sympathetic
mind wander for n moment to
the men uddres-sed? They would be
benefited by the passage of tho Sherwood
Pension BUI. promise to recall
his threat to voto and show substantial
s.Miipathy by a piomise to recommend
passage of this measure, the plea of
economy "won't wash" nnd tho time
Is propitious, now or never.
Theso veterans In times now almost
forgotten, not only prepared for, but
went to war and battled for peace.
Thousands of their comrades gave up
their lives lor tho same cause. Tho
outcome of their services has been ii
great and lifelong blessing to nil. I
s.peak for those In need, and theso are
mam.

Truo tho Government has doiio con

siderable. Homes hnvo been provided

for the veterans

To the Editor of THE TIMES.
When 4, tho Democratic convention
meets In'Baltlmorc next luno" thcro will
bo four prominent men in the field, vly,
Wilson, Harmon, Clark, and Underwood.
Now, if the result depended upon
a majority vote Wilson would undoubtedly
bo chosen, but tho two-thirds
rulo will result in a deadlock, and It
Is an even chance that a dark horse

will be chosen.
It 13 to be hoped than a man of
courage, resource, and Iron nerve will
be nominated. "Better," sattl Napoleon,
"an army of hares led by a Hon than
an army of lions led by a. hare."
Tlio Democracy lost tho Presidency
twice because their leader was faint
at heart, as witness Tllden and Bryan.
Two weeks before tho last election
Bryan's election was virtually conceded
by the Independent press of this
country. Then Teddy, with his big
stick, Jumped Into tho fray and lammed
Bryan fore and aft. Did the Peerless
Ono strike back and prick Roosevelt's
Venerable record? Nay. my well-boloved hearers! When one cheek was
smoto he turned tho other. His six
million of wildly enthusiastic white followers
were amazed, and then their
amazement gavo way to a deep disgust

ana utter tlcspalr, and thousands of
DemocraUc and Independent voters remained
away from tho polls.
If a dark horse Is nominated in the
Baltlmoro copventlon It will be, In my
humblo Judgment, Senator Robert
Owens of Oklahoma. Owens started life
a poor boy without prestige, money, or
Influence, and by his own unaided exertions
worked his way up to be the
most commanding figuro today in tho
United States Senate. Nature Intended
Owens for a soldier, but circumstances
made him a statesman.
A READER OF THE TIMES.

which is in thi end of his field for as
much money as it Is worth for a pos-M'sslon
of a burial place among vou."
When Ephron was Informed that Abraham
wanted to buv his Held containing
the cave of Maehpelah for a burial
place ho offered to glvo it to him, but
Abraham refused to accept the gift,
und Insisted on paying for It. Ephron
Instead of charging- Abraham a big
pi ice for it (since, he must havo It), tho
record shows that he named tho nominal
price of "400 sheckels of silver,
which Abraham weighed out to Ephron,
current money with tho merchants."
It Is not In evidence that when the
puti'haso was consummated that tho
sons of Hcth, who -overe employed by
Aliiuhum to negotiate the deal, demanded
n commission for their services. We
have in this the first real ef-tnte transfer
of record; not only tho "true con-blderatlon"
is given, but all the detail?
eleailv and v fully stated. A complete
record, not only of "a square deal," but
a time-honored precedent for a "trua
consideration " A. J. CURTIS.

GOOD REASONS BEHIND
THE DISTRICT'S STATUS

'TRUE CONSIDERATION"
IN ABRAHAM'S TIME

To tlio Editor of THE TIME.--
Pertinent o the "truo consideration
hill" now ljeudins in the Congress, of
whl'ii much has been said pro and con.

It mav be interesting to refer to tha
first real estate transnct.on of record,
fluting back to ISflO i. C. (reference
behiK had to Book of Genesis, 23d chap-tei).
which wan bv anil between Ephron
of Hebron. Land of Caonan of tho first
part, and Abraham, a "Stranger an Sojourner
Tiiinn the fons of Hoth." of
the second part. The record recites
that Abraham on account of the death
of surah, his wife, niust needs procure
a "possession of a burial place." Interviewing
the tons of Hcth en tho Hubjei-t,
it is i elated that thv offered him tho
choice of their sepule'iers. Declining
their friendly offer. Abraham requested
them to "entreat for him to Ephron, tho
son nf Xnli-ir. thii ne. umv ulve mn the

Those with family cuo of Maehpelah, which ho hath,

To the Edltorof THE TIMES:
It is to b"b regretted that the mn
who framed the Federal ConsUtution
were deprived of the wisdom of eome
of tho present-day statesmen, who seem
to be worried over the political status
of tho District of Columbia.
Thero are very good reasons why the
people of the District occupy their
present status; good reasons why they
should continue to do so. While tho
high Fovcrelgn power, whenco the right
of suffrage emanates, unquestionably

belongs to the nation, the power to
regulate, and prescribe the suffrago was
delegated to the States, as one of the
conditions under which tho people were
willing to establish a National Government.
Tho franchise cannot exist In
the District of Columbia without making
It one of tho States of the Union.
The District of Columbia cannot become
a State without subjecting Congress
to the menaco of its petty police
regulations and arousing Jealousies
and contentions which cannot find a
place under tho present arrangement,
and as no one Is denied the right to
voto in the Stato of his residence because
of his domicile in the District
It will generally be conceded that It
Is better to "bear thoso Ills we have
than to fly to others that wo know not
of," even nt the expense of disturbing
the equanimity of Ilepresentatlve Ber-ger.
To nmend the Constitution so as to
enfranchise the citizen of the District ol
Columbia would involvo the remodeling
of tho whole Instrument; would be to
tnko tlio control of suffrage from the
StateB and to confer It upon Congresi
nnd to make Instead of a republican
democracy a consolidated government
in which many of tho most essentia
safeguards of the individual must, ol
necessity, bo sacrificed.

EVERETT SPRING.

ARMY AND NAVY ORDERS

ARMY.
Each of the following ofilccis will proceed
to the post specified:
First Lieutenant WILLIAM R. DEAR.
Mcdlcul Corps, Fort Robinson, Neb.
First Lieutenant CLARENCE A.
TREUHOLTZ.. Medical Corps, tho
Presidio of Monterey. Cal
First Lieutenant FREDERICK S.
WRIGHT. Medical Corps. Fort Adams,
R. 1.
First Lleutenunt LEE R. DUN HA R,
Medical Corps, Fort Douglas. Utah.
First Lieutenant ADDISON D. DAVIS,
Medical Corps, Fort v, Riley, Kan.
First Lieutenant ELSWORTH WILSON,
Medical Reserve Corps.. Fort
Huachudlb Ariz.
First Lieutenant HENRY F. PHIL-IPS,
Medical Rcservo Corps, Fort
IIIIkh. Tex.

First Lieutenant ROBERT l.E.MMON.
Medical Reberve Corps. Fort Hancock.
N. J
First Lli'iilflidlil OSWALD 1' IIL.S-NINO.
Mfdle.il Reserve Corps. Foit
Stevens, Ore.

DEFENSE OF COL. JOYCE
AND OTHER COLONELS

First Lieutenant WILLIAM M. ARCHER,
JR., Medical Reserve Corps,
Foit Riley, Kan.
NAVY.

Lieut. Comdr. ,C. C. FEWEL, to Lancaster.
Lieut. Coindr. M. J. McCORMACK, detached
Lancaster, to Washington,
D. C.
Lieut. Comdr. E. B. LARIMER, detached
Montana, to Nebraska.
Lieut. V. D. BURNS, detnehed Navy
Yard, N. Y.. to Montana.
Lieut. F. M. PERKINS, commissioned
lieutenant from December 22, 1911.
MOVEMENTS OP VESSELS.

Arrived Balnbridge and Barry at Nanking;
Salem, Mars and Vulcan at
Guautun.iino, Fortune, A-3 and A-5
nt San Dies".
Sailed -Wheeling fmni M-iIp for St.
Andrew ba. .' ; Nanahan fiom
Shanghai lor Aiuy.

To the Editor of THE TIMES:
As tho writer of the "Snow-covcre(
SldewalkB" letter appears to be a ladj
1 hasten to upologlze for referring t
her letter as "grouchy."
No lady could bo either "grouchy" oi
troubled with "supcrlluous" gray mat
ter.
The notion that my "emphatic, ccsta.
tic, nnd lunatic" friend, Colonel Joyce
would wrlto :i letter to a nowspapei
having tho largest circulation In Wash
ington. Tho Times, und refer to him
self as "distinguished," and his owl
poerty as "beautiful" Is almost if ntv
quite preposterous. Onco for all Colo
i. el Joyce did not wilte that letter,
wroto it myself, and am proud of It
and I havo grateful letters from Mi 3
Ella W. Wilcox and Father Ran
thanking mo for advertising thm
through Tho Times.
Colonel Joyce Is a life-long, Llncoh
Republican and objects most strn'i
ously to being called a Democrat, a

tins time. .

1 admit that ever man in KcntucRi

is a colonel or Judge, except OllA

James, our new Senator; but men musl

stylo themselves something, anu it t

not stylish to bo a corporal or sergcanl
while the title of "concral" Is so un

usual that It might start an embarrass
lug investigation with tho chain o
self-styled titles.
Allow mo to suggest that my fal
friend Sherman Join her sliters In tl
"two-stop" street car crusade, Thor
aro self-styled colonels and generali
somo of them Yankees, sitting In three
legged chairs In tho offices of tho ca
companies.
The btreet cais we have with us at
vum, while the mow-covered slue
wulks do not Interfere with our Fourt
of July cell "rations.
POETlCALi DEMOCRAT.