M 2 " THE TVENING STANDARD, OGDEN, UTAH, JVXONDAY, , JANUARY 15, 1012. . , feHI , STANDARD TELEPHONES
j .
H CALL UP
H STANDARD' EXCHANGE.
H , Bell 66. to Communlcato with any
H dcpartmonL

' ' RANDOM
I J REFERENCES
M Mrs. A. J Avoy loft last evening
MM over tho Union Pacific for Hamilton,
j Ontario. Canada, to attend tho fuHl noral of her only Bister, Mrs. G. A.
H
Hl William Perry of Pocatello was a
Hj visitor lu tho city yesterday.
1 John J. McCIoskoy, tho Ogdcn baseH hall manager, was in Salt Lake yosB terday, whore, together with FrcslH dent LucaE, ho was tho guest of Mr.
H and Mrs Dick Cooloy. The Cooloys
m depart soon for tho coast to finish
H their vandcvlllo tour.
Hl Ward Captures Would-Bo Murderer
Hl Shorlff John Ward of Evanston,
H Wyo., paBSOd through tho city yestorH day in charge of George Crosby, u
H , man who Is wanted In Evanston for a
H murderous assault upon a rancher
B i there last September. Crosby flrort
H four shots at tho rancher, throo bul1 lots taking effect, but he failed to kill
H ! his man. Crosby was captured near
H Portland.
B ; J. C. Davidson of Butte was a buslH ncsB visitor tn this city yesterday.
INew Subway at the Dopot Dopot
, Mnstor John Shields states that the
now subway at tho Union depot will
H i' bo ready for service in ahout three
H weeks. Tho sovoro weather has inB terfered with tho work, but all that
Ht, now remains to complete tho "tunnel"
Hj is tho Installation of tho electrical
H wiring and lights. Tho underground
H " passage and the umbrella sheds will
H afford passengers safety and protocH tion from rain and snow while boardH ing trains.
H Advortisers must have their copy
H for tho Evening Standard tho evening
H v before tho day on which tho advorB- tlscmont Is to appear, in order to lnH 1 1 euro publication
H ' (Continued on Pago Seven.)
H oo

SALT Lit HAS
"BLUE SUNDAY"
Hjf "Blue Sunday," tho result of orders
H of tho now commissioners and Chief
H of Police Grant, of Salt Lake yesHj , tcrday proed a success from tho
Hl point of view of those behind the
Hl orders According to all reports the
h orders were genorally observed. GroH ' eery stores and meat markets, acH J customed to open for a short tlmo
H I on Sunday morning, were closed The
H order was particularly hard on the
H ' smokers, who overlooked laying in a
H supply of tobacco Saturday night
Hl . Cigar stores were closed and there
H was no business dono by the stands
H in hotels. Drugstores operated soda
H fountains and sold everything in
H stock with tho exception of liquor
H and tobacco. Shoer6hlnlng cstnbllshH wonts were closed, as well as flower
Hl ! stores, fruit stores and barber shops
Hi Candy and chewing gum sold as
Hj i Threo arrests wore made by tlie
H i pqlicc. One was a cigar dealer whose
B ' arrest is to he made a test case. The
1 ' others wore two cigarette salesmen,
Ht , representing a San Francisco dealer '
H They wore giving away sample packH ages of their goods.
At midnight lact night rea Liu rants
Hj and others opened their tobacco cases
H and wero prepared to supply tobacH CO
H The order under which the officors
H are proceeding provides that book
H stores may remain oien for tho sale
1 of papers and magazines, but must
H not sell books. This fino distinction
H was emnhasized when two men cnH tcred a book store and. one called for
H , a prominent sporting paper. He was
H supplied. The other asked for a
B Biblo and was Informed that it could
H not be supplied, but was urged to roH turn today to mako his purchase.
H I How long such an ordor will bo cnH forced Is a matter of conjecture
i oo

FORMER TEACHEf!
WEOSTOIOMOW
H ' The marriage of Miss Nancy Short.
M a teacher at the State School" fpr tho
H j Deaf and Blind up to a short tlmo
B ago, and D. M. Cooper of Moab, will
take place in Los Angeles tomorrow.
B Mlos Short is a sister of Mrs. Frank
M ' M. Driggs.
H The young woman has been a
h teacher at tho school for tho past two
Hj ' years. Mr. Cooper is a prominent
Hj resident of Moab. They will return
H to Ogdcn during the latter part of
H the week and after a few days' visit
H i here will go to Moab, where they will
H I mako their home.

H Cheapest accident insurance Dr.
Hi I Thomas' Eclectic Oil. Stops the pain
Hl and heals tho wound. All druggists
j sell
Hl -oo

!r 1
I i gfe 1 i

SUNDAY SERMON
OF RFI GARfER
Lawrence Grcenwell sang at the
morning service and Miss Bartlott at
the evening service yesterday in the
First Presbyterlnn chmch. blisses
Beatrlco Hamll and Louise Plcrco furnished
tho Instrumental numbers.
ltov. Carver, In tho evening, Breaking
upon tho "Roveallngs of the
Snow," said in part:
For my thoughts, aro not your
thoughts," neither nro my ways your
ways, saith tho Lord. For as tho
heavens are hlsber thnn the earth so
are my ways higher than your ways
and my thoughts than your thoughts.
For as tho rain coinoth down and the
snow from heaven, and returneth not
thither, but watereth the earth and
maketh It to bring forth and bud,
that It may give seed to tho sowor
and broad to tho eater; so shall my
word be that goeth out of my mouth;
it shall not return unto mo void, but
it shall accomplish that which I
please, and It shall prosper in tho
thing whereto I sont It " Thus reads
a portion of Isniah, chapter 55.
Common objocts of nature are often
most wonderful when we study them
well. None more so than tho snow.
It is about the whitest object in all
tho earth. Its absolute whiteness
comes from tho most perfect combination
of prismatic colors known
Every crystal of snow is a prism and
every prism gives forth all tho colors
of tho rainbow, but In tho snowflakos
these colors are so perfectly blended
that only an unblemished whiteness
appears. Tho flake has a great number
of pores which are filled with air
Minute parts are also very" compact.
Such a substance does not permit the
rays of tho sun to pass through nor
does it absorb them II reflects them
with considerable force, all of them,
and that is why snow seems so white
to us. We sec how rapidly this whiteness
becomes blackened and unsightly;
whlto from the creation of God
Disfigured and soiled by the trends
and In tho ways of tho earth. So is
the soul of mankind, and so wo need
that cleansing and healing the Christ
nlono gives.
The snow is a most wonderful and
perfect object of nature when we
study tho form in which it comes.
The flakes hero vary from one inch
to sevon-hundredths of an Inch In
diameter. The colder tho temperature
tho finer tho flakes. In Lapland
the snow is as fine as dust Buildcd
In stellar shapes, each star having six
points or in hexagonal plates with
such regularity that It has been said
that not 'one non-hexagonal flako has
ever been found, and each composed
of regular prisms which exhibit tho
greatest variety of beautiful forms.
This porfectness is well adapted to
symbolize all of God's works, and
abovo all his truth.
The snow speaks of power so great
that tho mind of man simply qannot
comprehend it. Napoleon learned one
phase of It when, in an awful Russian
winter, he met an army of snow-Jlakos
that no power of man could
conquer, and the great brigades wore
conquered completely by tho white
snow. A' physicist has computed and
declared that to produce from water
vapor an amount of snow that a child
cpuld carry would demand enough energy
to gather up the largest rock
and ico avalanche of tho Alps and hurl
them twice the height lrom which
they fell. Think, then, of the power
of one Canadian or Russian snowstorm.
It is the lesson that God tries
to teach in al his work, that what is
worth doing at all Is worth doing well,
oven though it costs much of time and
energy. When the world was to be
redeemed his own son was not too
precious to give for tho teaching and
saving of men, Brunnor tells us that
tho heat of fusion of ice crystals ls
probably larger than that of any other
solid, the accepted valuo is 80.Q25
calories at .0 contlgrade
Snow has a wonderful saving power
from tho enemy of life In winter,
tho cold. Its color is unfavorable to
the radiation of heat. It acta upon
tho plant life Just as the clothes and
bed covors do upon the human body.
Tho warmth of the soil Is not only retained,
but the sun's rays t to somo
extent penetrates the space3 between
the flakes and thus the earth Is protected.
In Vermont a test was made
for four successive days the temperature
of tho air was 13 degrees
below zero, while beneath a layer of
four inches of snow it was 10 degrees
above zero. Thus the life and vigor
of plant life is protected Molets In
the spring' have been found In full
bloom beneath a two-foot snow bank.
Tho snowflakcs fall silently and unnoticed,
and yet they have a great
Influence, for tho harvest depends
largely upon them So the seemingly
trivial and unimportant events of Ufo
soon tend to form character and destiny.
All the power and worth of life,
all the eternal values of the soul, aro
shapenod In tho so-called ordinary
routine of Ufo. Soon lifo ends and
then the Judgment and an eternal
destiny. No one intends to be lost or
to waste a life, but habit is formou
quietly and unnoticed nnd we aro
bound bv It. Only tho strong grace
or Jesus1 Christ can avail to overcome
it.
The snow is seemingly wasted, but
our text tells us, and we know when
wo think, tbat It is not. It does Its
intended work1. So does tho word of
God. You may refuse it a pluco In
your life, but you cannot thwart Ils
work The world is bolng won to
God, You can bo won and strengthened
and, blessed by God, or you can
ignore and curBe him. But you at
last must meet him and give an account
of your time and talents. Now
is the time that is your own tomorrow
is not yours. Take down your
Bible and read anew he teaching of
tho ChrlBt and commence tho year in
his service.

oo
" 'get-rich'quick'
wallingford"
The second performance of "Get-RIcb-QuIck.
Wnjlingfprd" at the Ogdcn
theater last evening was witnessed
by a largo audience and tho
fact that both performances given in
this city woro well patronized Indicates
the great popularity of probably
the most successful of all tho
Cohan and Harris comedies. Pgdcn
theatergoers would welcome an early
return of this laugh-producing pla
The production goes to Salt Lake
on a special train over tho Rio Grando
thlB morning to open a four days'
ongagoment at tho Colonial thero this
ovonlng.

MAI SOCiALlST
TALKS OJHRDSIS
Mrs. May Wood Simons, of Chicago,
wife of the editor of tho Coming
Nation and one of the most scholarly
speakers in tho American Socialist
movement, dollvcrod an address
yestoiday afternoon In tho
Methodist church on tho much discussed
topic of "Trust Busting."
While Mrs, Simons dealt with her
theme In an orthodox Marxian manner,
claiming that tho trusts arc the
natural outgrowth of economic laws
and that It Is therefore a natural impossibility
for human governments to
dissolve them, her talk was out of tho
ordinary mt common to Socialist
speakers. Her quotations woro not
from the text books of Soolallsm but
from the writings of tho leading political
oconomlots of todaj. From tho
statements of such men and from
statistics gatherod outaldo tho pale
of Socialism she endeavored to prove
tho inevitability of Socialism.
Concerning the "truBt-bustlng"
campaign now being waged, Mrs.
Simons had most to say She declared
that tho Socialist party was not In
favor of this campaign. Tho trusts,
she said, woro labor-saving machines,
and attempts to break them up as
foolishly futile as the threats made
by Englishmen to destroy the first
printing machinery Introduced into
England The trusts havo pcrfoct
organizations; thoy aro an excellent
means to an end, said Mrs. Simons,
but they are not conducted in tho
interests of tho people Govornmont
ownership of all Industries wns advocated
and by govornment ownership,
Mrs Simons said she meant,
ownership by tho people, who control
fhrt cnvrtrnmfl nf

Education is rapidly clearing the
waj for the onward march of socialism,
the spoakor said. She proved
this by stating that all advanced universities
havo courses on socialism,
and all libraries have shelves full of
books on tho subject of this political
sclonco "Neither tho Republican nor
Domocratlc parties, she said, can
claim this distinction. Conditions
among tho working pooplo wore also
portrayed vividly by Mrs. Simons, and
the remedies which the Socialist party
offers wero strongly presented.
Mrs Simons said that the party which
sho represented was the party of the
masses, the party of tho worklngman,
and that Its chiof concern was for
the interests of those vrho toll.
Few women speakers havo addressed
an Ogden audlonco who havo
made as marked an Impression upon
their hearers as did Mrs Simons
Sho Is a remarkable speaker, excelling
most men in the clarity of hor
argument. In tho distinctness of' her
enunciation and tho talent for presenting
vivid word pictures to her
audience
It was intended to hold the meeting
in tho basement of tho church
but because of the large number of
persons attending It wns found necessary
to use tho main auditorium
of tho building The lecturo was
the third to bo given in a series of
fivo ledturos, constituting a Socialist
Lyceum course. While It was
expected that George H. Goebol, a
Socialist speaker of Now York City,
would be In this city to deliver tho
fourth lecture next Sunday afternoon,
It has been learned that ho will
not be able to fulfill tho engagement.
In his place the committee In charge
of the lecturo course has engaged tho
Row Ward Wlntor Reese, rector of
St. Liiiko's Episcopal church of Salt
Lako City, aud an ardent advocato
of Socialism Dr Reese will speak
on the moral and constructive sldo
of Socialism, from tho Methodist pulpit,
Sunday afternoon at o-30 o'clock.

KECKED 6? HORSE
SKULL FRACTURED
Suffering from serious injuries received
as tho result of bolng kicked
by a horse, Mike Maloof, a Greek,
was brought to this city from Kays-vlllo
yesterday and taken to the Dee
hospital. He is suffering from a fractured
skull and numerous cuts and
bruises about tho face and head, but
it is thought that he will recover.
Maloof Is a traveling merchant who
lives in this city. While at Kaysvllle
Saturday evening he waB kicked bj
his horse, the animal's hoof striking
him full In the face. One of the shoo
cleats struck him Just over the left
eyo, causing a depressed fracture of
the bone. The man was givon temporary
treatment at KaySvlIlo and
brought to this city on the Bamberger,
Dr H. B. Forbes attending him upon
his arrival here
The accident occurred about 9
o'clock Saturday evonlng.
oo

A Library You Can
Hold in One Hand
Such Is the 1912 Edition of The
World Almanac, Just Issued.
All tho great or notable almanacs In
this country have been made by
newspaper men. Old Dr, Franklin
started the practlco with the famous
"Poor Richard s Almanac." With
more or less success, other printer
have ever slnco Imitatod him Of
hvto years, however, the Issuing of
newspaper almanacs has fallen Into, a
low estate In many a big ct'. Blit
the New York World Almana.c for
1912 Is an exception. It fills a waut
every place, as It is a compilation universal
in scope, and not local, partisan
or political solely. It seems to grow
greater and bettor with years and
experience. It is a condonsed encyclopedia
of many volumes. It glveB
Information and statistics upon almost
everv concelvablo topic It touches
human interest at evory point. It is
a Ilbiary you can hold in one hand,
so far as ready reference and accurate
Information nro concerned. It Is a
supplement to every library, the next
friend of every editor, and informant
in any office, study or school. It
ranks with tho great English publications
of like ImporU -and sella for halt
or third of their price Without doubt
it is the foremost publication of the
kind in this country. On sale wherever
books are cold.

IJU
NO NEWS FROM TRIPOLI. ,
LONDON, Jan. 14. No nows was
received from the seat of war In
Trlpoli.except"Uie report from Turkish
sources of a fight In the neighbor-hood
of Homs. in which the Italians
aro said to have lost heavily.

JOI C. STUBBS. '
A BREEf SKETCH
(Railway Ago Gazette.)
On January 1 John C Stubbs retired
as director of traffic of tho Ilar-rlmnn
system of railways. For several
yours It had been known to his
moro'lntlmato friends that Mr. Stubbs
intended to relinquish active sorvlco
on reaching the ago of Co, from a
settled conviction that a man of that
age holding a responsible posltiou
with activo affairs an a duty both to
himself and to the institution ho represents.
Several months ago this
purposo became publicly known and
a few weeks ago, at tho time of the
general readjustment of tho Harrl-man
lines plan of reorganization, tho
date was fixed as January l, although
Mr Stubbs' sixty-fifth birthday docs
not occur until May 31.
With his ontrancc Into privato life,
Mr Stubbs has taken up his residence
in his boyhood homo town of
Ashland, Ohio, although ho still retains
his connection In an advisory
capacity with tho railway system he
has served for over 10 years. That
Mr. Stubbs docs not, however, feel
entirely ready as yet to glvo up all
railway work Is Indicated by the recent
announcement that ho has been
engaged to examine and report upon
tho condition and requirements of
tho Wabash railroad, now In tho
hnnds of receivers,
On Thursday, December 2S, Mr
Stubbs was tendered a farewell banquet
In the crystal room of the
Blnckstono hotel In Chicago, by many
of the principal officers of the western
railways, Including presidents,
vlfrtrn-oal1irf nml lurrnl ynrl (rnff(r

officors. "Thirty," tho telegraphic
code for "that's all," was engraved
on tho menus In commemoration of
his retirement.
Mr. Stubbs has spent practically
all of his life In the traffic department
of tho railways now comprising
tho Harrlinan systoni In Octo-bor,
1S70. when In tho second year of
his railway sorvlco, ho became chiof
clerk in tho general freight office of
the Central Pacific at Sacramento,
Cal For tho past ton years, as director
of traffic of the Harriman sjs-t,om,
he has held an office unique in
it.. II . 1,1 ...111. l..-r.,1nIrr.

UIU lilUMUJ WUIIU, nilU JUIIOUII-UUM
over tho trnfflc department of 18,000
miles of road
By irtuo not only of this powerful
position, but also ot his own personality
and remarkable ability, Mr
Stubbs" has for many years held a
commanding position In the transportation
world and has perhaps exerted
a more potent influenco on tho
traffic dostinlco of tho western half
of tho United States than any other
one man Ho was vorj largely responsible
for tho development of
many Important industries of tho Pacific
coast through his policy of making
rates to foster a business that
otherwise would be unable to compete
In distant markets For example
he Is fond of Celling tho circumstances
surrounding the first Important
eastbound shipments of raisins
from California. A Sacramonto farmer
who wanted to make the shipment
came to him to find what the
rates would be. The tariffs had
named $3 per 100 lbs. The farmer
thought the shlpmont would stand
SI 75". l'Then, thai is tho rate," said
Mr. Stubbs, aDd the general office
confirmed It.
Mr Stubbs was born May 31. 1847,
at Ashland, Ohio. After a common
school education his first railway
experionco was gained during his connection
with the army in tho Civil
War, when he was assigned to transportation
service and employed In
checking govornmont freight In
March, 1SG9. ho entered tho service
of tho Pittsburgh, Cincinnati & St
Louis as clerk In the general freight
office at Columbus, Ohio. In October,
1870, ho transferred his alleg-lanco
to wostern railroading as chief
clerk In tho general freight office of
tho newlv oponed Central Pacific at
Sacramento, and on December 1, 1871,
ho was promoted to tho offlco of assistant
general frolght agent. From
July 2S, 1S73. to March 5, 1882. ho
was general freight agent, and from
May, 1SS2. to October 1, 1884. ho
was frolght traffic manager ot tho
same road On October 1, 1884, ho
was appointed genoral traffic manager
of tho samp road and loased
lines. On February 27, 1SS5, after
the Southern Pacific had taken over
tho Central Pacific he was mndo genoral
traffic manager of that company,
aud In December, 1889, ho wns elected
third vice-president of tho Southern
Pacific After E H. Harriman
had merged the Southern Pacific and
the Union Pacific systems, ho selected
Mr. Stubbs and Julius Kruttschnltt
as tho keystones of his great operating
organization, with Mr. Kruttschnltt
as director of maintenance
and operation and Mr Stubbs as director
of traffic at Chicago. Mr
Stubbs held this position from July
9, 1901, until the dato of his retirement
Ho was succeeded by Lewis J
Sponco. who for some time, had boon
his chief assistant at Chicago.

FINE ADDRESS AT
INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL
A S. Mcservo. a former official of
the Lyman schqpl( for boys at Wcat-borp,
Mass., wag the speaker at the
Utah State Industrial school yesterday
morning. Mr. Meservc wns accompanied
by his -Ifo, and both wero
gicatly Interested In tho work of the
local school.
The speaker chose as his subject,
And This Thins I Do." He demonstrated
the Importanco of doing a
particular thing, setting a definite
mark and Btrivlng for thnt mark. At
an Illustration ho told of two boys
with whom he had como in personal
contact during his service In the east
One of tho boys became an influential
and respected armor of New
York state and tho other prospered
and earned the respect of his fellows.
Both of these young men had been
under restrictions, J'et they had
shown a doslrc to become tho right
kind of men, they had set their mark
and succeeded' In reaching that for
which they Bought
There -were -no -other special services
at the state school yesterday.

MID-SUMMER WEATHER
PREVAILS AT LOS ANGELES
LOS ANGELES, Qui, Jan. 14.
Mid-summer weather provailed in
Los AngelGB todaj' and all records
for January Biirf bathing wero broken
at tho nearby bench resorts. The
thermometer registered SO degrees in
tho city, 83 at the beaches.

'NEW INSTRUCTOR '
AT DEAF SCHOOL
Tho students at tho stato school
for tho deaf nnd blind wero given an
excellent discourse yestorday afternoon
by Dr. E. P. Mills, of this city,
who talked on tha subject of "Tho
Call of the Wild." The lecturo wns
Interpreted to tho deaf students in
the sign language by Superintendent
P. M. Driggs.
Mr. MIUb told of the imperate "call
of tho wild," which is ofton folt in
the spring of tho year aud likened it
to tho call to go forth and do thoso
things which will bo of benefit to our
fellow menv UBlng this as an example
he declared that tho spring
"call of the wild" ghould be felt tho
year around.
Mlas Sarah Champion, who came to
this country recently from Durban,
Natal. South Africa, will take up hor
duties this morning as a teacher of
tho deaf at tho stato school, taking
the place of MIbs Short, who Is soon
to wed Miss Champion for twelve
ypars was tho superintendent ot a
school for tho deaf In Durban and
also taught privately In England, for
eight years. She Is very woll qualified
to carry on the Instruction ot
tho local school.
Miss Champion was educated In
Ealing Collogc, london. England After
teaching In tho same institution
several years she wont to South Africa
and opened her own school, although
she was given somo support In
the venture by tho British government.
Then camo tho Boor war a3
a result of this the govornmont withdrew
Its support from the school and
she was forced to give It up. coming
to Portland, Ore., IS months ago
Tho Instructor was at Durban during
tho entire conflict In tho Transvaal
and relates somo Interesting
oxperlonces. Sho was promlnont In
tho work of caring for the injured
English soldiers nB they were brought
to Durban on tholr way back to England
and also cared for the English
refugees from Johannesburg, hor
sister bolng president of the relief
society which was formed at the Natal
seaport Miss Champion mado a
provlous visit, to Amorlca, during
which she studied the methods used

111 UIU 111.141 iH-uuvio vi tuu llQtl JLJIIfland states
Miss Mattlo Robinson, another
teacher of the deaf at the stato school,
received a message vestordav announcing
the death of her brother In
Louisiana. Owing to the railroad
blockade throughout the central west
she doos not feel that sho daro attempt
the journey east.
Tho quarantine at tho deaf and
blind school has been raised with tho
release of tho last twoof seven patients,
who were suffering from scarlet
fever The health conditions of
the school are now In very fino condition.
oo

0. P. TRAIN SERVICE
SHOWS IIPROVEMEIT
There was Borne improvement In
the train sorvlco over tho Union Pacific
yesterday, all westbound trains
having arrived by 10 o'clock last
nlghL Saturday's fast mall train did
not arrive until 5 o'clock yesterday
morning but yesterday's No. 9 was In
the city at 7 o'clock "last evening.
Reports from various parts of tho
country indicate that the Harriman
lines havo been fortunate to even
maintain this sort of a service during
the past week, for the Harriman
linos ha'o been practically the only
transcontinental system which suc-coeded
in getting trains through the
middle west.
While the Union Pnclfic has been
struggling with the severe weather
conditions, and concentrating Its
forces upon getting trains through
the Rio Grando scorns to have escaped
all of these terrors, although the territory
through which it passes is
very" susceptlblo to unfavorable
weather conditions. Tho Rio Grande
train service Into this city during
the p.ast week has been very good,
no train bolng more than a half hour
lato, western passengers being delivered
to tho Harriman linos long
before the latter trains were ready to
depart

uu
i LQtI TO
K SOLDlti ALLEY
Tho first step toward the regulation
of the Alloy by the city commissioners
la an order that no liquor
shall be distributed there as heretofore.
The order is explicit that
liquor shall not bo dispensed thero
at any time, day or night. Tho police
department will enforce the rule
to the letter.
While the polico have been Instructed
to see that tho now ordor Is
rigidly enforced, thero seems to be
little dangor of trouble fiom this
source as persons who are In a position
to talk authprltlvoly claim that
there Is no desire to go against the
ruling of tho commissioners and that
tho ordor will be strictly complied
with.
The ordor regarding tho sale of liquor
follows a number of regulative
measures which have becomo effective
in the last few days and there
seems to bo a desire on tho part of
the commissioners to romedy como of
the conditions which they evidently
deemed In nood of regulation As a
result ot tho new and restricting orders
tho population of tho underworld
district has decreased rapidly during
the past few days and it is claimed
that the discontinuance of the sale
of liquor will servo to further depopulate
the section, formor habitues
preferring to go to cities where ithero
is less restriction.

oo
THIRD WARD WINS
AT BASKET BALL
The Third Ward Junior team of
basket ball players defeated D. O. R.
team Saturday evening, at the Ward
hail, by a score of 32' to 24, before
a large nod appreciative audience.
The D. O. R. boys wont Into tho
game confident of victory, but tho

"Daace with the Crowd" at the , f
I NEW COLONIAL DANCING ACADEMY ' g
INEW COLONIAL 1 1
DANCING ACADEMY 9 ;; i
LEAP YEAR 1912 H
SPECIAL DANCING PARTY NR ' $
TUESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1912
New Colonial. Happy Hoinlo. Q i
That Dreamy Italian Waltz. Sugar Moon. BR ?j:
Billy. That Italian Serenade. MM
When tho Daisies Bloom. Bud Cross. . Qj
Every Lfttlo Movomcnt. Dream of Heaven. IM -7
Pink Lady. Steamboat Bill. '
Golden Dreams. Lucy Lee. H s.f
Dollar PrlnccaB. . ; Chicken Rpl. H I
Now York's 'Latest. J Sprlug Maid. ID &
Fascinating Widow. Alexander's Band. K
Everyone Is in Lo'vo With Someone. H ' 4 i
ADMISSION FIFTY CENTS j'
Extra Lady, 25c. j ij
I DAILY I 1
J THROUGH STANDARD SLEEPING CAR I
j DENVER & RIO GRANDE I
j Ogden f Sao Francisco j j
I Leave Ogden 6:00 p. m. 'f
I For Full Information and Sleeping Car Res- 1 ; ',
ervations Write or Call on lit
F. FOUTS, Agent Reed Hotel, Ogden I jj
WESTERN PACIFICRIO GRANDE I
The World's Pictorial Line I i- j
iBnaMTBBBTilgTnTgTgTgrBaMnriiTlMl in i " 1

scoro at the end of the second half
indicated that they wore fighting an
uphill battle. Tho Juniors Increased
tholr lead in the second half, winning
easily The lineup and officials:
Juniors (32) (21) D. O. It.
W Baggs ro..,...,. Fuller
E. Wilkinson le Crossman
J Deis c Falk
S. Collins rg , Hammor
Ed Baggs lg Bock
Reforce, Davis,, Scorer, Campbell j
Timekeepor, Richardson.

Gl BREAKS
HER PAROLE
Saturday evening, at a dance hall
in this city Detcctlvp Robert Burke
and Officer Poter Naylin approhend-e
Mary Kieser and returned her to
the officors of th0 Stato Industrial
school. The girl had been placed on
parole but she violated the, rules of
the parole. She had leen paroled to
Mrs. M. Lyons of 25C Patterson avenue,
Saturday afternoon, accompanied
by Mrs. Lyons' little girl. Miss Kio-sor
went out shopping and while up
town mot a young man whose namo
tho police did not learn. Sending the
girl on ahead the couplo returned to
tho Lyons' homo and placed the bundles
on the porch, returning to town
Mrs. Lyons notified the school when
tho girl did not return homo and the
school authorities notified tho pol.qe,
resulting in tho girl's arrost. Sho
would have been allowed to roturn to
Mrs. Lyons' home but claimed that
tho woman had treated hor so well
that sho could not face hereafter running
away and was thereforo taken
back to the school,

OODEN H H
k HEHfJAM
That Ogden is not without genius
Is ovidenced by a patented hitahlng
arrangement offored by c W, Wright
and D. W. Arave. The contrivanco
will do away with tho hitching horses
to pobts or us.ing weights attached to
the bits of the animals when It is
desired to lpavc thorn for a short
time.
By means of a lever, attached to
the dashboard and which operates a
ratchet on the rear axlo of tho vehicle,
the horses' heads are drawn
backward whenever the vohlele is
moved bnt a few feet either forward
or backward. By simply throwing
tho lecr over when the driver leaves
the vehicle, a ohaln attached to tho j
bit pulls backward whenever tho
y f ii 11- t TWWHM HiMMT hTil nn I r'r

wheels of the vehlclo revolve in i n
either direction. j
It is the claim of tho inventor that 1 1
tho patent Is safe, saves time and J I
prevents accidents. Tho demonstra- v I
tion yesterday was given for tho ben- f I
efit of a number of business men who '. I
will probably furnish tho necessary y 1
capital to finance tho manufacture of ' B
the hitching arrangement In this city. i
The device will be'n'aced on the mar- 1 1
.kot at an early date. I
00 j I

'B!i MAI !
I
Salt Lako, Jan. IB. The body of ''!
Charles H. Reagan, who while do- -
mented, wandered from his home
at 102 North Main street at about j.
10 o'clock Tuesday forenoon, was .
found at Eighteenth West street, between North Temple and South Tern- I
Pie streets just southeast of tho Tellurldo transformer station yesterday r
afternoon. Tho body was lying on
its back where tho man had evident- I
ly frozen to death, tho knuckles of 1
his right hand being frozen in tbo '
ico. There was no ovidencc of a J
struggle and tho fact that the mans :
watch and other valuables wore found t
on his person indicates that he had f J
just wandered away in a demented ;
condition and frozen. Dr. H. B. J 5
Sprague announce last night however, j' $
thut a post mortem would ho con- ?
I ducted as soon as possible, j' &
Charles. H. Reagan was born In V,
MncLeansborougb. 111., November 0, iff
1S7H, and came to Utah about fifteen )&
years ago. He was engaged in rail- : B
road work when ho first came here- i S
I having served as a conductor on both i L
tho Denver & Rio Grando and the f
Oregon Short Line. He went In tho i V
saloon business In Park City nine ' &
years ago and after a year there on- i ft.
tered the same- business in this city.
Ho was In tho saloon business hero &
about six years September 22, 1900, I
he lost a foot in a street car nccident, .
and after that time had given up his 5; V
business. Persone intimate with him j: I-say
that the accident seemed to af- i I
feet his mind and his general health 1 R
had beeiT falling rapidly evor slnco jf m
then. Ho was married July 25, 1Q03, ;
'and his wlfo, Mrs. Nina Reogan sur- f JS
vives him. Jh fe
Besides his wife, Mr. Reagan is Jl,
survived by his father, Timothy Rea- J5 I
gan, and a sister, Mrs. J. W. DeVoy, "St I
at Enfield, 111.; Mrs. M. O. Scholtz. f
a sister who lives In this city, nnd H
by another sister, who Is a Sister of S
-Morcy, known as Sister Mary Alexin. J?
'In East St, Louis, 111. Mr Reagan had " ?
been a member of th0 Elks. Knights ' W
of Tythals, Eagles and Brotherhood J
or Railway Trainmen. His wife said : U
yesterday that sho did not know ,5
whether he had kept up in all of these ' M
orders or not, but knew thnt he was '' k
a member In good standing in the
Elks and Knights of Pythias ) fc
, f- Si

I PLEASED WITH THE l .! j
I RESULTS
' Many people who have opqncd check accounts tvith II 1 Kjj
1 j us during the pnst y.ear have been much pleased 11 Kf
I I -with the results. You niso wk!1 appreciate this II JjKj
H I safety and convenience by having- an account "with I i ,iK&!
.
TM 1"'