GARDINER.
The Local Board of Health
Urges Vaccination,
Wm. S. Hanscom Celebrates,
On Sunday, His 91si Birthday.
Thrilling Escape of a Small Boy
From the Opera House.
The Hoard of Health urges Gardiner
people to be vaccinated, particularly
those who never have been, including
children, and those who have not
been for several years. Smallpox is
reportecf in Brunswick and Auburn
and other places in Maine, and it is
* sfild that there are more eases In
Maine at the present time than for
several years.
AMPLE PROTECTION
For the City in Case of Fire, Says
Chief Engineer Soule.
Regarding the Hr. department of
tlds city, of which a part of the members
recently withdrew from the service,
because their old chief, John
Kendall, was not reappointed by the
commissioners, tJhie.f Houle stated to
a Journal reporter about 7.30, .Sunday
nigh*, that the city was well protected.
that ho had men enough to man all
of tin apparatus in the city, should a
lire., break cut unexpectedly. Several
companies which disbanded have been
reorganized with the full quota e!
men.
THRILLING ESCAPE
Of Small Boy, Accidentally Locked in
Opera House.
As the two night watch were coming
down Water street, about 11.30 or
J1.45 o'clock, Saturday night, they
heard some one crying, but at first
were uncertain where the noise came
from. They thought it came from one
of th'- many tenements along the
stn t. but on further investigation,
ascertained that the noise came from
the Johnson Opera house, and inv.-stig.ited
Th>y found the door locked,
but also heard some one inside. When
the door was dpi m il. out came a boy,
about nine er 10 years old, who proved,
lo he a boy by the name of Spencer.
He raid he had been turning the seats
over aftir the crowd left in the evening.
and got locked in. He hustled
off homo in a hurry.

Mrs. Lucy H. Tyler.
Mrs. Lucy H. Tyler, aged xt> years,
passed away, at 9 I'. M. Sunday, at
her honu on Winter street, after a
week's itlness. A daughter, Victoria,
Of Gardiner, a sun. Joseph, of Farmingdale.
and i brother, Kingsbury M.
Jarvis, of Ma.lden. Ma£s.. survive. The
funeral will be at 2 P. M . Wednesday.
HIS 91st ANNIVERSARY.
William S. Hanscom. Sunday, Celebrates
His 91st Birthday.
'William S. Hanscom observed his
91 st birthday, Sunday, at his home on
West street. He was horn in West
Gardiner. His family moved to Hartland
when lie was 2 years of age.
where he remained until he was IS
years old. He is the fourth of a family
of 10 children. He moved to Cambridge,
Mass., about 30 years ago.
where lie took up the occupation of
carpentering and contracting, during
which time he built many buildings,
in 1892 he broke his hip and has not
done much work since. In 1850 he married
Miss Statira Larrabee of Wales,
Me. She died, several years ago. He
is enjoying excellent health, for a
man of his years and is able to get
down town once in a while. He is
one of the finest old gentlemen in the
city'"and is loved and honored by a.
host of friend-, always having a good
word for everybody. He has one son.
Edwin I,., of Watervilie. and three
daughters, Mrs William Wiles of Arlington.
Mass., Mrs. Fred l^nniston
of Cambridge, Mass., and Mrs.
Charles Wright of Watertown, Mass.
Many friends called, during the day,
to extend congratulations.
WATERVILLE.
Mrs. Edward Brawn of Oak street
passed Saturday and Sunday with
relatives"'Tu Randolph.
Alphonse Audet returned, Sunday,
from Denver, Cob, where he has been
for several months.
Work in the K. A. degree at a special
meeting. Monday evening, of Watervilie
Dodge, No. 33, E. and A. 51.
The meeting of the Watervilie
Clinical Society, which was to have
been held, iast week, will be held,
Monday evening.
In Hu; municipal court, Saturday,
tnreo respondents appeared for intoxication.
Two of them went to jail in
default of payment.
, Vaudeville hill for the City opera
house the first of ttiis week: Johnny
Yeager, that eccentric comedian; and
Hennings. Lewis and Hennings in a
comedy skit.

iila Jenness Alouiton, win uppra*.
Wed ncSday, Jan. 24, at thn Congregational
church, in a program <>t' musical
recitation^ and impersonations, under
the auspices of the students of the
High school.
The ladies of the Garland mad.
Winslow, entertained. Saturday evening,
the lady teachers of the Winslow
High school at the home of Mrs.
F. S. Garland. Kleveh were in the
party and alter a tine dinner a musical
program was enjoyed by all.
Deputy Sheriff J. I'. McCarthy and
City Marshal Barton visited, late Saturday
night, the Greek block, socalled,
on Imckwood street. They were
in»tlietsubuilding about an hour and a
half and their search was successful,
ns tho celling of an unoccupied tenement
was seen to have some sort of a
hole in it and investigation showed

a hide. Thirty-eight pints of whiskey,
72 half pints and 11 quarts were found.
]t was u rather smaller place than
either of tlu' two officers could get
into, =o tiie services of a small hoy
Vere secured to hand out the liquor.
They arrested and took to the police
station George Pappas and Lesso
Lackai, who will be arraigned some
time. Monday.
Mrs. Harriet J. Heron.
Mrs. Harriet ,1. Heron, wife of the
late John Heron, died, at. 3 I'. M.,
Sunday, at her home, loo Water street,
Waterville. Stic had been ill about 10
days with pneumonia. Mrs. Heron
was born in Keswick, X. i:.. 46 years
ago, but had lived in Wat. rville for
over 20 years, A daughter, Mrs. Anna
Bessey of Gardiner, a brother, Richard
Brewer of Presque isle, two sisters
and a brother, who live in Canada,
♦survive. The funeral will lie at 2 P.
M., Wednesday.
Supt. of Schools Herbert C. Libby
Tenders Resignation.
Herbert Carlyle Libby, .superintendent
of the Watt rville public schools,
has tendered his resignation to the
Board ot education. The resignation
was placed in the hands of the hoard
at the regular meeting held, Dec. 4,
hut no announcement was made at
the time. It was his request that his
successor he apjM.inted by Jan. 1, 1012,
hut the hoard was unable to do so.
Mr. Libby was elected superintendent
of schools. Dee. 21, 1009, to fill out
the une.xpircd term of the late Dennis
B. Howman. On May 22. 191a, following
a public hearing, held in relation
to a 'change in the teaching /staff,
Knpt. Libby tendered his resignation
hut the Hoard of education, hy unanimous
vote, refused to accept it. On
Jun - 27, 1910. lie was re-elected with
an increase in salary and on March
61 of Die following year was again rceleried.

During the past two years many
s'li'cissipl innovations have lain put
in force in the public schools of Waterv'ilc.
The teachers have been organized
into a more effective staff, lirst
through the Principals' Council, an
organization of all the principals of
the schools to meet once each month
for the discussion of important school
malt< rs. and second, through the genera
I teachers' meetings, at which palters
on teaching problems are discussed
b> the teaching staff. A series
of Parents' meetings have been very
successful, the object being to bring
tin- i ■arentS'into closer touch with the
woVk of the teach rs. The meetings
have I i n addressed by the principals
and the superintendent.
Siipt. Libby has been able to reduce
tiie number of pupils per teaeh<T.
Which lias meant a considerable increase
in the number of regularly employed
teachers.

j>ome (pi mo inner inings accomplished
are the following: The adoption
i f a new eoifrse of study for the
High school; the introduction of electives
and the addition of new members
to the coYps of instructors; the
adoption of the plan for a Junior High
school, made up of the Ninth grades
of the Grammar school to occupy the
old High school building upon vacancy:
introduction of the school
Savings Bank an l its successful operation.
where the pupils have on deposit
more than |2«W': securing the
appointment of a regular truant officer.
whose work lias greatly lessened
the number of pupils affected by absences:
securing an increase in salary
for all teachers employe^ a certain
number of years which lias
meant a considi raliic increase in the
salary budget; the adoption of the
minimum and maximum scale of
wages fp>r teachers and increase of
salaries in the High school: adoption
of the rule granting wages to tiaelters
in cases of personal illness for a
period of four weeks and full wages
in easts of illness in the immediate
family: adoption of the rule that after
January. 1910, the appointment of
teachers to positions in school he conditioned
upon Normal s. hool or college
training; of somewhat less importance.
the entertainment, in 1910,
ofMhe Kennebec Bounty Teachers' Association
in WatorvHle: a complete
card index system of every p -rs >n in
the city between the ages of seven
and 21; the holding of a series of
spelling contests for a silvi r cup: prt -
paring and issuing an annual school
report, giving exhaustive figures and
valuable tubular information; changing
numerous tex-tbooks for the genera!
improvement of class room work;
a change in tlit- annual Grammar
school Commencement exercises.
Hue of the most commendable features
of his administration was that
of the organization and successful administration
of the Central Maine
Hummer School, held in tin suninn r
of 1911, at a cost of over J600 and with
an attendance of over 120 teachers.
In 1909, Supt. Libby was elected corresponding
secretary of the .Maim
Teachers Association. In 1911, he was
elected auditor of the same association.
He was elected president of the
Kennebec County Teachers' Association,
in 1910, and vice president of the
Knglish department of the Maine
Teachers' Association, in 1911.
wHe founded the Maine Teachers' Quarterly
in October, 1911. This is a magazine
of 100 pages devoted to the interests of
the school life of Maine and enthusiastically
backed by the State superintendent
and the officers of the Maine Teachers'
Association. He is the editor of the publication.
In connection with his work as superintendent
of tiie public schools Mr. Klbby
is registrar of Colby College as well
as instructor in argumentation and publie
speaking in the same institution, Itecently
he was appointed a member of
the teaching staff in the Bangor Theological
Seminary. »He is chairman of th ■
general committee having the Main"
Boys' Conference, is chairman of tlie decennial
committee of the class of 19o2.
Colby College, and is co-editor of the
Colby Alumnus, a magazine devoted to
tlio upbuilding of Colby College.
He is the editor of "Colby Stories,"
"Under the Willows," "Strong Selections
for Public Reading,'' "Historical Sketch
of Stockton Springs," and is the author
of "Yarns for Boys."
Mr. Libby was born in Burnham, Me.,
and was educated in the public schools
of WatorvHle. lie was graduated from
the Watervllle High school, class of 1998,
with the English honor. He studied at
Colby, taking ills degree of A. B. from
Harvard College in 1904. While in the
Watervllle High school lie founded "The
Nautilus," the present school periodical:
was interscholastic debater; was In the
cast of the school play, and was president
of the debating society and pregi
dent of his class for four years. In Col

by he was an intercollegiate debater In
bis Freshman year; won the first prize
in the Hamlin reading: first prize in tint
Sophomore declamations, and was new
editor of the Echo. In Harvard he devoted
ids time outside the classroom to
charity work in Cambridge anil Boston.
lie is a member of the Temple Street
Congregational church and until a few
days ago was superintendent of the Bible
school, a position he has held for two
years. He is a member of the SCeta I'si
fraternity in the Chi chapter of Colby
College, the only secret organization to
which he belongs.
Mr. Tabby resigns at this time that
he may be freer for the work of completing
the manuscript for a college
text book on Public Speaking to be
published by fall. It is understood
lliut he is to sever his connection with
Colby College in June to accept a position
at another college.
BREAK AT VASSALBORO.
One Arrest Made- Some Strong Circumstantial
Evidence.
When the agent of the Maine Central
station at Vassalboro arrived at
the station, Sunday morning, he. discovered
that a break had been made.
A window opening into the ladies'
section of the waiting room had been
broken open to allow the lock to he
worked so that the window could he
pushed up. A barrel of crackers in
the station had also been opened and
from crumbs on the floor it appeared
that the one who broke in had evidently
had a lunch of crackers. The agent
had suspicions as to the one who had
broken in. as win n lie was locking up,
Saturday evening, he saw a man
hanging about the station. A section
man was jiitli the agent and he was
given a description of the man seen
the night before. Taking a hand car
the man started towards Augusta and
in a hurt time saw the man he was
looking for. He was William Bissdt.
said to be :t stonecutter, and who has
relatives in Quincy, Mass. Bisset
went back to the station, and, going
into Urn station did something which
those who saw him do it. say proves
that he was tiie one who broke into thf*
station. A pair of mittens was left
inside and as soon as Bisset saw them
he went right up and took them and
put them on.
Deputy Sheriff J P. McCarthy of
Waterville was notified and ho u i nt
down to Vassalboro on a special
freight train and later returned to
this City with the man and locked,
him up n the police station, it is
thought that Bisset did not break into
the station with the idea of taking
anv money or tickets, but simply fori
the purpose of having a warm place
to stay, and beyond the crackers no
traces or anything else being missing
has been discovered.

May Festival for School Children.
The proposed May Festival for the
school children -of (Yntral Maine is
meeting with general favor. Supt.
Mersey of Fairtield-Oakland district.
Supt. Hood of the Vv'inslow-Htnton
district, and Supt. Paine of the Vassalboro-China
district have notified
Supt. Libby that they are deeply interested
in the plan and will co-operate
with him in all ways possible to
make the Festival a great success.
The plans for the Festival will be put
in more definite shape soon and work
begun upon it. ,

Boys' Conference
Rooms Are Needed.
!
The committee having- the entertainment
of the delegates to the hoys'
Conference in charge are sending out
the appeal for rooms for the lodging (
of 100 more boys. Lodging for 500 boys |
has been found, but there are to be
COO delegates. It is earnestly requested
that those having rooms and' who
have not yet been canvassed notify
H. iLibby, chairman of tlie general
committee, telephone -63. on Monday.
If those already canvassed can
take an additional delegate, the committee
should he notified immediately
It is a liig proposition to take care
of these delegates and the S' \. ral
commit lees arc working hard to maintain
the reputation of AVaterville as a
Convention city, it will greatly relieve
the committee if those who, have :
agreed to lodge boys could find it
possible to meal them. This notice apple
s to citizens of Winslow and < >ak!and
as well as AVaterville. It Is understood
that Fairfield is to cave for
ah iut '"o boys during their visit in
central -Maine.
Gambling Stopped
At Newport, R. I.?
-Newport. IS. 1 . Jan. 21.-Acting under
orders ffoin Gov. Aram J. I'othier. j
High Shcrih James Anthony of Newport
count', has closed all the gain j
bling places in this city. Proprietors
w ere notified, yesterday, Unit the business
must cease immediately.
AFTER USEFUL LIFE
Dr. W. A. Wheeler Dies. Saturday, at
, Home in Portland.
Portland, M< , Jan. 2!.- Dr. William
A Wheeler of this city. died. Saturday j
afternoon, after a brief illness.
lb- was born in Evansville. lnd„ Jan. j
7 lsr,4. graduated from Harvard in
1674. began tin- study of medicine benin
1S77>, and graduated from the Col- I
lege of Physicians and Surgeons of
New York in 1x77.
Ho practiced in his native city until
:1SS0. when lie was appointed an assistant
surgeon of the Knlte-d States
Marine Hospital Service. Front ISM
to 16X3 he was in charge of the hospital
at Charleston. S. C. He was then
at Chicago, Buffalo. New Yor.lt and j
Norfolk, Va.
In April. 1892, lie was commissioned
la surgeon and was placed in charge of
the medical department of the immigration
service at Kills Island. In
1M16 he took charge of the Marine
Hospital at Cincinnati, and in !60y he
resigned and located here.
lie was from 167s to Ls7if lecturer on
anatomy in the Medical College at
Evansville, Ind.: in I860 professor of
descriptive and surgical anatomy
there*, in 18S6 professor of surgery In
the Niagara Medical College at Buffalo
and in 18113 lie was sent to Europe by

the Cnited States government to study
the immigration question.
Jle was a member of the Maine State
Board of Trade and for two years was
this president of the Portland hoard.
He also was an active Demdcratie
worker, but would never take office.
He was a member of the t 'urnberland
Club.
A widow, one son and two daughters
survive.
CONDENSED DISPATCHES.
1 -- ■" -
The lull in aviation activities around
New York was broken by a remarkable
(light by George \V. Beatty on
I.ong Island, late Saturday. Carrying
three men in addition to himself. Beattv
flew n distance of more than 16
miles. The combined weight of the
four men was 544 pounds.
One-tenth of the students at Clark College,
Worcester, Mass., are sick with
mumps and it is feared that an epidemic
is underway which will affect everyone
in the institution who has not had the
disease in his younger days ]t is believed
that the epidemic started front a
letter received by one of the students
from a person afflicted with the disease.
While her mother absent from the
room for a few minutes, Mary Bose
Page, tiie 54-year-old daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Kdward 1 'age of Woonsocket, R. I.,
secured a can of kerosene and, after
pouring over her clothes, accidentally
set tire to them. Her mother's frantic
efforts trf save her were futile ami she
died within a few moments.
The safe deposit vault of the failed
Carnegie Hale Deposit Comiianx of 115
Bnadwav. New York, have been sold
by Supt. Van Tuyl of tie state banking
department, tor to a syndicate
of New York City capitalists,
who propose to reorganize the company.
it was annoum • d that the proceeds
of the sale will accrue largely
to the benefit of ^ln creditors of the
Carnegie Trust Com pant, which was
one of the largest credit! rs of the sale
deposit company.
'I'll*- bursting of a g; main which had
been frozen caused the death, Sunday,
of two aged women from asphyxiation
in a Mott street tenement. New York
City. A tnird woman in the apartment,
into which the gas had penetrated from
the main in the cellar just underneath,
was removed to a hospital dying. The
two dead were Mrs. Annie Kelly and
Mrs. Mary Smith. The proprietress of
the apartments, Mrs. Hannali Mulligan,
who alone survived, had evidently been
trying to get to the door when she was
overcome.

John H. Crowther of Fitchburg, one
of the oldest engineers on the Fitchburg
Division of the liostun Maine,
died suddenly of heart trouble while in
a passenger car on tin- New Haven
Road, Saturday forenoon, when the
train was passing through I.eominstcr.
Conductor George Curtis heard the
man groan and hasten- d to Ids side,
but life had ceased. Tin- imuy was
taken off at the station, viewed by the
medical examiner and given in charge
of an undertaker. TMr Crowther was
63 years of age and a wife and five
children survive.
With botli feet and hands frozen,
half starved and semi-insane, front
bis condition, James Fry, a 17-yearold
bov. was found rn a freight car at
Cincinnati, Saturday. He was locked
in the car. last Thursday, at Peru,
Ind.. by practical jokers. When the
patrolmen who found him. tried to
teed him a roll, Fry endeavored to
swallow it whofe ami it was only with
the combined efforts of four men that
he could be held long enough to allow
nourishment to be given him. He was
taken to the City hospital and tie
physicians hold out little hope for his
recovery.
John Ferrell, a rescue worker of the
Bureau of Mines, was killed, Friday
night, while exploring a mine at Cherry
Valley, Penn., in which a fire was
raging. The conditions in the mine so
lar have made it impossible to recover
Ferrell's body. Ferrell, whose
home was at Ellsworth, Penn., where
lie had a w ife and too infant children,
was considered oi>- of the best mine
experts iiT Pennsylvania. He was in
charge of a government rescue gear.
At the mini- disaster at Brieeville,
1 "nil., a few vv< ago, Ferrell r< -
• tied five men.
Miss Christine How- of Philadelphia,
who was hurt while icehoating with
Francis HerrpshoIT, mi of the yacht ut -
signer, Saturday, i.t Pristol, It" was
found, Sunday, to h iv- been much inon
seriously injured than was first supposed
Her right arm was found to have been
broken in two pine. and her left arm
was also fractured, while one eye was
completely closed by u swelling. Physicians
operated upon her, late Sunday,
and it was report'd that her completrecovery
is only a rpi stioffof time. Miss
Ilowe is the daugh: of Frank (I. Howe
"I Philadelphia and was a guest at the
HerreshofI home. T! accident was the
ii suit of the iceb'i.i' colliding with a
buoy imbedded in the ice.

Four boys were severely Injured in
Greater Boston whip 'oastjng, .Saturday.
t'Vo ill Revere, two in Lynn. William
Saekctt, 12 years old of 47 Barrett stroet.
Revere, was taken to tlie Massachusetts
Generul hospital Kiifieriiig with internal
injuries and is in a dangerous condition.
Victor J. McCullough, 14 years old,
oi a.'! Heservoir avcim . Revere, is at the
Frost hospital, C'iiels. ft, with a broken
leg and minor injure s. McCuJJough was
kmt in the afternoon and the Sackett.
'my in the morning. Ernest Murray. 1 2
'ears old. son of Mr. and Mrs. John
Murray of s:: Rockaway street, Lynn,
was sliding down Hamilton avenire when
lie ran into a coal b am. Ills head w a
badly cut. Kenneth Robinson, 7-year-old
son of Mr. and Mi.- John Robinson of
iis Haiiovw street Lynn, was coasting
down I.awton avenue when lie lost control
of Ids sled and It crashed into an
iron post. Four stitches were taken m
ids head. Neither b. was taken to the
hospital.
Spain is beginning to be seriously
troubled by the continued exodue of
Spaniards to the western hemisphere,
particularly to South America. By
thousands Spanish emigrants are embarking
on steamers from tlie various
ports of Galicia, tin greater number
bound for Chili, Brazil and the Argentine
Republic. In some cases whole villages
are leaving for tile new world. It
is estimated that in a recent fortnight as
many us SOOO Spaniards embarked for
Buenos Ayres. The government, greatly
concerned, has appointed committees to
study tile causes of tills loss of its population,
which is estimated as reaching
2.70,tKM) yearly. The committees of investigation
have already decided that a good

means of diverting the emigration woul l
be the cultivation of the vast territories
of internal Spain. Renewed efforts will
be made to induce the Spaniards to remain
in their own country and turn thenattention
to agriculture.
Thomas Walburn, 4ti years, formerly
ol Townoda, Penn., and well known
in motor circles, killed himself with a
shotgun at his home at Detroit, Saturday.
He had been seriously ill, some
time.
•I"hn J. Rutledge, a chauffeur for
Mrs. Haven <l'erliam, was acquitted
id manslaughter, Saturday, at Howell,
and tlie ease- against him dismissid.
He accidentally ran over John
La vary, a Lowell workman, on Jan.
S, wlio died of his injuries soon after.
The Yale University Museum lias
received from the estate of tin- late
Lieut. Theodore Gruener, U. S A ,
who served in the Philippines, a curious
insurrectionary flag, it is made
up of various kinds of cloth, and a
i large part of it is evidently eonsiruotI
ed from a Filipino woman's dress
I George l.oek was killed, Saturday,
for alleged violation of the meningitis
quarantine at Ruda, Tex., according
to a report received by the sheriff
at Austin. Tex. Lock, a stockman, was
going to Hilda to see his mother when
lie was warned not t" enter the town.
He was killed on the {torch of his
mother's home.
The cackling of gees at the Heloit
Poultry and Pel Stock show prevented
Miss Caroline McGill, instructor
in political economy at tin- University
of Wisconsin, from giving a talk on
woman suffrage. After trying for U>
minutes to make herself heard. Miss
McGill yielded to tin- geese. The lecture
was given after the geese had
been removed.
Marly Saturday morning the bottling
works of W. I, Freeman a; Peabody,
Mass., wen- totally destroyed
by lire, together with two large motor
trucks. Tin- West Peabody chemical
responded io tin- alarm, lint tin- firlaid
gained too much headway. Tii
w orks are on the Xeu t uryport liirnpik
--. some distance from any other
building. The loss is about J9000.
Patrick Dunn, fireman's helper for
the Woburn Power Co., was struck on
the head, yesterday, by a lump of coal
■ and fatally hurt. He was walking beneath
a string of loaded cars when
part of the load fell on him. He died
half an iiour later. He had a sister
somewhere in Massachusetts, but his
parents live in Ireland. He was 24
I years old.

two Attleboro women, Mrs. Rattra
V. G Maekie and Mrs. Samuel Holman,
have the distinction of having
been registered voters of Attleboro
| for a period of 31 years. These women
were the ii rut to enroll their names
on the voting list there and have
since been voters at each election.
Both women are ardent exponents of
the woman's right to vote.
Vu'e-ntine Hahn, who was arrested
recently on a < harge of committing a
criminal assault on Miss Nellie Meehan.
a Suubury school teacher, late In
November, pleaded not guilty at a
preliminary hearing, Saturday morning.
before City .iudge F. (1. Swinnerton,
at Rutland, Vt.. and was bound
over to the March term in $1000 bail.
Sfati Atty. 1R. Stafford appeared
for the state.
The Naval Year Rook, issued. Saturday.
under the auspices of the Senate
eommllteo on foreign relations, gives
the United States second place among
the naval powers. This government
has 37 battleships, one more than German:..
In armored cruisers, Germany
has Ii and the United States 13. The
combined tonnage of battleships and
cruisers shows the United States has.
7S7.6SS tons and Germany 70S,341.
Francisco Cihierchia. who was arr
sted. Friday, in Springiicld on n
< harge of slashing I.uciano Mansolillo
with a lazur on Bloomingdale road,
Thursday, in a row over the wages of
a girl who recently came to this
country, was arraigned in the district
com: at Worcester. Saturday, before
judge Filey and held in $10m.i bonds
until Jan. 33, pending the condition of
th< vit tint, who is on tiie dangerous
list in the City hospital with a 34ineli
i ut that extends from his collar
tu ne to liis waistline.
liming an ire boat race on Bristol
R. I . harbor, Saturday', a boat in
charge of lYattcin Herreshoff, son of
the yacht designer, struck, u busy protrude
g from the ice and Herreshoff
'and a . aii.ai ion. Miss Christine Howt
id' Philadelphia, were thrown out. Miss
Howe had both forearms brokc'n, was
i badly cut and bruised, and when
Herreshoff, who was uninjured, reached
her side, she was in a semi-conscious
condition. She was removed
to tin Herreshoff home where she was
a guest, and placed under the care of
physicians. The bout, the Cyrus H.
I Powers, was almost demolished. Miss
I How* is the daughter of Frank L>.
ilfowe of Philadelphia.

Ml's. Wiiliitrn 10. Moore, seeing smoke
lii'ur iron, the house of a neighbor,
Horace Fi/ta-h, on Kpping road, Kxft'-r.
N. H , Saturday, ran over and
rescued its single occupajit, Mrs.
Harmon Fre nc h. wife of a nephew of
the owner. Mrs. French is a < ripple
In May. ii-O'.i, her husband's Home was
burned, and then, in the absence of
help, she seized Iter baby and crawled
from the house. Saturday morning's
fire, earned by a defective chimney,
destroyed the house with the greater
part of its contents. Situated beyond
the limit of hydrant service, the
steamer had to play through iniaO fed
of hose, and the firemen gave their attention
mainly to the French staid'
and the Moore home. Both were threatened
by sparks, but were saved.
The skull which was taken from the
body of Frinee Alexander in the eemeterv
at Vienna, has been found near
the tomb and returned to the coffin.
The police have been unable to find
tla thief, u( their theory is that the
| |i> rjiet i n tor was either a personal enemy
of the Kurageorg-viteh family
or ;i man w ho hoped to receive a large
payment from the son of Alexanded,
King 1'eltr I. of Servia, who, fulsome
time past, had been making
preparations for the transportation el'
the bodies of his father and his moth7
or, the princess, from Vienna to Topol,
in Servia. The mausoleum at that
place has now been completed, and,
this week, the Mtpiains of the parents
of King Peter were taken there. Four
companies of cavalry accompanied
the hearses to the railway station,
and at To judo the reception was much
more imposing. The founder of the
Karageorgeviteh dynasty was George
Petrovitch, who was proclaimed in

1804 and was assassinated in 1X17,
leaving two sons, Alexis and Alexander.
The former never ruled. The latter
died in exile, in 18*5. His son. King
Peter* is thus the third of the line. He
was proclaimed King in 1903, after the
assassination of King Alexander, the
son of the notorious King Milan, and
the last of the Obrenovitch dynasty.
The Vale Corporation meeting at
New Haven, Saturday morning, heard
a report of the Yale expedition to
Peru, headed by Prof. Hiram Bingham.
in which were made known for
the first time some remarkable discoveries.
It is stated that no scientific
expedition in recent years has
garnered so much that If of interest
to the scientific world. Chief among
the results was the finding for the
first time of bones of the prehistoric
man of the age before the. glacial period.
An estimate of the age of the
hones is not less than lO.OoO years
Several archaeological discoveries
made by Prof. Bingham included ruins
of several ini a. or pre-Inca cities, and
traces of a highly civilized people
earlier than the Incas. Another discovery
was that of the bones of the
American bison.
SPARKS FROM MAINE WIRES.
Tim fri igltt steamship Carolyn,
which is a liuis'less w reck on Metlnic
Island, representing a loss of $200,000,
inclusivt of cargo, will be sold at miction
,-n Rockland, next Thursday, after
which the salvage of undamaged
freight will begin. The hull of the iron
steamer will probably go to the junk
heap.
Watts II. Bowker. aged. 7fi, a wellknown
citizen of Hrookline, Mass.,
dropped dead about 10 A. M., Saturday,
on the corner of Morse and Walter
avi n ".es, Hrookline. Mr. Bowker was
horn in Machias. Me., and learned
the building trade in that town. About
JS70 la- came to Brookline, and continued
in that business until about
2."> years ago, when he retired. Former!'.
he was prominent in affairs of
town and county, and served three
year:- each as selectman of Brookline
and as Norfolk county commissioner.
In the latter capacity he supervised
the building of the Dedham court
house. During the Civil War he was a
musician in the titli Maine Voldpteers.
He was a member of Charles L.
Chandler Post. G. A. R., and Beth Horan
Lodge of Masons, both of Brookline
A widow and three sons survive.

ARRESTED IN NEW ORLEANS.
Ex-Senator Frank J. Linehan Wanted
In Boston for Fraud.
Boston, Jan. Ht. Kx-Senatpr Frank
.1. Linehan was arrested in New urleans.
Saturday evening-, on infnrjnation
furnished to Chief of Detectives
Joiin Reynolds of that eity by Deputy
Supt. William B. Watts of the
Boston police department.
Deputy Supt. Watts lias known of
the movements of Linehan since a
short time after he left Boston, a fugitive
from justice. He was traced "to
St Louis, to New Orleans, Colon,
Panama, and then back to New Orleans,
where he was receiving his
mail at the Young' Men's Christian
Association under the name of Frank
J. Spencer.
Linehan eluded Inspector Wolf, who
followed him as far as Panama, when
be doubled on his tracks and came to
New Orleans.
George H Leith, general superintendent
of the Pinkerton agency, had
men following Linehan and furnished
information to Deputy Watts, who
dually overtook the fugitive by wire
and caused bis arrest.
Saturday night, word was sent to
Chief Reynolds of New Orleans to
hold Linehan. and a Boston inspector
will lie sent there after him at once.
Linehan is wanted to stand trial on
a charge of defrauding the eity of
Boston of lumber, purchased on alleged
forged notes.
FAIRFIELD.

.Mr. ami Mrs. Hal pit Pillshurg are
receiving congratulations un the birth
el a son, Wednesday, Jan. 17.
Victor Giaiigi of Fairfield Center
her*-aIter will meet Tuesday evenings,
inste ad of ^ turdny evenings. An allday
mooting will be held, Tuesday,
Jan. 3(1.
Kllswcrth Wilson was injured, Saturday
ni li ning, when a sled stake
wnieli hc> was using slipped and struck
him ovi r the right eye. Two pitches
wer" taken.
William Burgess is confined to his
home by illness.
Mrs. Alary lloar of Belfast is the
guest of her son, Fred Hoar, at Til
<lerald.
Ckarlts Green is seriously ill with
gangrene at his home at North Fairlield.
Aliiert Bashaw, employed by tli
Central Maine Pujwor Co. at rikuv. -
In gin, passed Sunday at Ids lioiin
hen.
The Younger Set met. Saturday afterin
m. with Miss Pauline Herring.
Kim street. A large attendance of
members were present and delie ions
refreshments Were served.
Miss Caro Chapman, principal of
Krskine \cadcmy, passed Sunday at
her home her«'.
FAIRFIELD CENTER.
ClilToni Skilliu was at home from Morgan's
Business College, over Saturday
and Sunday.
Miss liem HeaHl, who has been verj
ill, Is better.
I.eon Hall of Hinckley is working fo:
J. M Gifford.
Morris Steinert Dead.
New Haven. Conn., Jan. ill. Morris
Steinert. one of the best known music
dealers and eolleelors in New Knglaud,
died at Ins home here, today,
from a paralytic stroke, lb was SI
years of age. Four sons and a daughter
usrvive.
Mr. and Mrs. Nelson Poole of Headfield
will observe their 51st Wedding
anniversary, Monday. Mr. Poole wa.born
In lSl'T In the house in which in
now lives, lie was employed by the
Maine Central Railroad until 1507 and
was station agent nt Readfield 4!
years, in lshil he was injured by a fall,
which lias since made him a partial
invalid. Mrs. Poole was formerly Fluids'Whin
of Hallow ell, and was born
in ISoh. She was ticket agent at the
station, telegraph operator and postmast
r for nearly 19 years.

»
PITTSFIELD.
The Grange Has Decidedly
Pleasant Meeting.
Captains anti Aids tor the Coming
Year's Meetings.
Funeral of Late F. J. White-Personal
Notes-Loca! Jottings.
Pittsfield Grange held a pleasant
meeting, Saturday afternoon, with a
j good program presented by the lecturer.
Mrs. J. H. Moulton. The question,
"What Lessons Have We Learn*
eu from Last Year's Farming?'' was
well discussed, one member stating
that it was better to hold potatoes fop
late shipment as he had, within a
; week, shipped 100 bushels, getting $1
| .1 bushel at the New York and Boa:
ton markets. Three new applications
were received for membership. At Ulo
■ next meeting to be held, Saturday
1 evening, Jan. 27, the First and Second
degrees wijl be conferred on a class
of 10 or more candidates.
Aids were drawn from over 200
members to assist the following captains
for the coming year: February.
H. H. Jacobs: March, B. J. (Slipp:
April, Gay Maxim; May, W. M. Osborn;
June, M. T. Burns; July, Frank
] Brown; August, S. O. Pooler; September,
Cora Mosher; October, R. L. Varnum;
November, P. S. Noble; December.
H. H. Thurlough; January, 1913,
T. N. Tarbell.
Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Hill left, Sun:
day, fur a two-weeks visit in Port'
laud

Jin; funeral of the late PTanit J.
White was held at 10 A. M., Sunday,
at the house on Somerset aveptje,
Rev. Timothy Humphrey of Hampden
Highlands officiating. Mr. Humphrey
and tile deceased were members of
tlie 24th Maine Regiment, having enlisted
at the same time, camped tpgethor
and were discharged at the
same time. The services were attended
by a number of Stephen Davis Post,
of which Mr. White was a member,
and four members, G. W. Patten, Orin
Soule, Sumner Graves and Enoch Carr
acted us bearers. Interment was made
at the Village cemetery.
David T. Burgh, a graduate student
at the Banger Theological Seminary,
occupied the pulpit at the Free Baptist
church, Sunday, giving an interesting
sermon on the subject, ''Honesty
with God."
llrs. Frank Shaw of Boston is in town,
called by the serious illness of her brotjier-ni-law.
Dr. T. M. Griffin. Albert
Ames of Stockton Springs, who has
spent a short time with iris uncle, returned
home, Saturday.
| H. A. Morrill, one of the town's aged
citizens, is quite ill. His daughter, Mrs.
| Ethel Hooper of Ereter, Nk II., arrived,
Sunday.
! Mr. and Mrs. S. It. Haines returned,
.Saturday, from a visit in Old Town with
I Dr. and Mrs. Landry.
Walter Brown, whose house has been
quarantined on account of the illness of
! his child, who is recovering from scarlet
lever, was quite ill, Sunday.
The second division of the !)>Tew Era
Auxiliary held a successful supper, entertainment
and social, Friday evening, at
the Free Baptist church.
Miss Eva J. Day went to Bangor, Saturday,
for a visit with friends.
Mr. and Mrs. Harold Furbpsh af Taitnyra
left, Saturday, for a few weeks'
visit with relatives in Stonington. Mass.
Mrs. George W. ratten is visiting her
daughter, Mrs. E. A. Turner, 'in Portland.
The N. E. O. P. held its ir.statlation of
officers-elect, Friday evening, in G. A. R.
hall. Refreshments were served.
Miss Elsie Haskell was the guest, Sunday,
of Miss Marjorie Manock of Bangor.

{SOMERSET
SOLON.
Miss Marion Drake of Somerville,
Mass., is visiting at the home of her
cousin, Lester Patterson,
The Woman's Club met with Mrs.
Mary Piper, Wednesday, Jan. If.
Miss Ethel French was given a
Shower party, Tuesday evening, at.
tin home of Airs, Carrie Patterson.
The ladies of fcSulou gave n Leap
Year tiall. Friday evening, at Grange
hall, with music by Kendall's orchestra.
Louis Vigue died, Tuesday, at the
home of his granddaughter, Mrs. Perry
Jackson.
THAWING FROZEN PIPES.
Ayam Electricity Comes to Our Aid.
The great winter problem for tlms.
of us who live in the northland is the
thawing of frozen water pipes. Try as
we will every now and then old Jack
Frost wili steal a inareh on us and
when we wake Up in the morning the
water pipes will he frozen tight. Applications
of hot water may remove
the iee in the pipe if it happens to be
located in a place where the water
can be -applied without removing th •
plaster and spoiling the woodwork.
Once in a while a hot flatiron will do
the trick, but often enough, the frost
will hate a grip on the pipe in a
place where llattrons cannot be applied.
Holding a lighted lamp under
tin- frozen part lias been known to
work, but it is just as apt to set the
house alire. It remained for an
electrical genius to rig up a small
portable transformer for thawing
frozen water pipes. This little jb
vice is connected to the afflicted pipe
and the current turned on. In a few
minutes the pipe begins to get exceedingly
warm and the iee melts
away. The device will work no matter
where the pipes are frozen even if
the trouble is located far under the
ground.-Electric News.
Soldiers from Camp McGrath have had
a serious collision with natives in La
tailgas province. Luzon, I'. I. Several of
them visited a small hamlet near the
camp on a chicken hunting expedition
A riot started and the natives attacked
tlie soldiers with bolos, seriously wounding
three of them. Two of these will
probably die. Many natives were wounded.
A troops of cavalry from Camp McGrath
rescued the soldiers.
i