&Z&G7X!&s$S&&
rpwgr'Airrw
,7.fTHE WASHINGTON TIMES, TUESDAY, FEBItUAlt 27, 1912,
MANY TO SPEAK AT
POPE PLACES BAN
hlni to have tho women present at all
functions ho attended wear high col
Captain Daley Urges
Jim Crow Street Cars
Capt. John Daley, of tho Ninth police
precinct, suys that he finds the colored
people- living on the Denning lino of the
Washington Railway and Eleulrla Com
pany would not objeet to separata cars
being operated on that Una for them.
Tho white people, according to Captain
Daley, would welcome such a move.
"If you want to see a crush on. thu
UcnnlpK line, Just go out somo Saturday
lilght, " raid Captain Daley today, "X
botleva tho railway company would
firollt by operating separate- cars for
hn races on this line, especially on Saturday
nights, Wo havo had trouble
for a number of years on this lino, and
such riots ss the one Saturday nlghl
are apt tu occur most any time, '
Shoots in Parliament.
LONDON, ,Feb, 27. A wild stampede
took place In the lobby of tho h6Uso of
commons when a stranger, garbed in
clerical dress, suddenly drew a Pistol
from 'tho folds of his cloak and fired
two shots at the roof. .Members and
guests rushed belter skolter to places
of safety. No damago was done, Tna
shooter was arrested,
lars, bodices, nnd conservative skirts.
Whllo no such request la known to
lmvo beon mado by Cardinal Gibbons, it
Is assumed that In vlow of tho fact of
tho Vatican's attitude to tho prevailing
modes uf dress, Washington hostesses
to His Hmlnenco will do everything In
their power to havo those Invited to
meet him dress In a manner at which
EXONERATED BY
SULZER IN COURT
Hoiise Speech, With Gompers
Editorial, Made on'
Own Initiative.
AT SOCIAL MS
Must Not Be Worn at Functions
Attended by Catholic
Clergy.
no oxceptlon can be taken,
MAYER & CO.,
409 TO 417 SEVENTH ST.
MAYER & CO.,
409 TO 417 SEVENTH ST.
Senator Kenyon and Congressman
E. Y. Webbto
Explain Bills. -
W

mr?rr?vmi

LABOR LEADERS

TEMPERANCE

MS

H OBBLE

SKRTS

IEE1G

TONIGHT

A temperance mass meeting wilt be
held tonight under the direction of tho
Anti-Saloon League, at tho First 'Congregational
Church, Tenth and O
streets, to prove that temperance sentiment
Is very much allvo In Washington,
and to excite Interest In proposed
new legislation affecting tho Issuance
of licenses In the District.

Senator W. S. Kenyon of Iowa, autnor or ono bin to regulate commcrco
In liquor, and Congressman E. Y;
webb or North Carolina, who Is part
author of the Wcbb-McCumber liquor
bhlpments bill, will bo tho principal
fjiuuKL-iH ai tnc mecetlng.
Anti-Saloon League officials ns.Mrrt
that the law of 1S93 under which liquor
licenses arc now granted in the Dis
trict, Is behind the times, and that new
legislation Is needed. Tho changed laws
would, If .drawn along tho lines desired
by tho league,- diminish materially the
number of saloons In Washington.
Both tho Shcpherd-Kenyon and tho
Wcbb-McCumber bills affecting inter-btato
commerce In liquor will bo discussed
at the meeting. These bills and
others were thoroughly threshed out
when tlio national convention of tho
Anti-Saloon I twnn vs held In Washbut at that tlme the delegates
laucu to nnd any bill back or which
they were willing to place their united
support.
Brief addresses are ori the program
to be delivered tiy Mih.' Kmma R. Rhel-ton,
president or the District W. C.
T. V.; William Knowlns Cooper. Mlsn
Elizabeth Brown, the Kov. E. C Dinwiddle.
I.. P. Illeston; -Clcoixre M. Potter,
V. W. Mlllan, Mgr. James F.
Mackln. and Mrs. John N. Culbcrtson.
A feature of the pfogram will bp he,
llrst rendition by the While Ribbon
Chorus Choir of a now temperaven
chorus written by Mrs. Don P. Blaine,
national lecturer of the W. C. T. I.
The call for the rally tonight Is Issued
by Andrew Wilson, president of tho
league. '
Automobile Kills
Wealthy Builder
NEW YORK, Feb. 27. William H.
Hall, sixty-three years old, a wealthy
builder, who lived at 203 West Sevcnty-thlrVl
street, was run down by an automobile
nt Eighty-third street and Broadway
He. dled.jn Roosevelt Hospital a
few minutes after ho was brought In.
Mr. Hall wad crossing Broadway from
the East Side to board a southbound
electric car, that was approaching. Ho
crossed In front of tho car before It
had reached tho corner. As It was
i los-e upon him, ho was keeping his eyes
fixed on It and did not see a small brl-irade
of automobiles coming down
Broadway on tho other Bldo of the car
In the same direction.
At that time of .the evening", shortly
after six o'clock. Bcoad'way Is filled with
machines going southtfai',0'Bara'jeo
after carrying their' trwhersTTo tho uptown
homes. They sweep down the
street In companies four abreast. It
was In a group of this kn6t- that the
machine .that killed Mri Hall was traveling.
The driver of the machlno was
Louis. Kahn. The owner Is Jbseph
Rockowitz.'of 1029 Kelly street, the
Bronx.
Religious Canvass
Continues This Week
The religious canvass of the District
of Columbia will continue every afternoon
this week, and wll) be finished
Sunday. Fred C. Croxton, chairman of
tho central commlttco in charge of tho
work of taking an enumeration of
Washington, said today that about 100,-000
names of men and older boys have
been obtained, but that there were at
least 25,000 others the committee was
anxious to get.
"For this reason the canvass will be
carried on until every man and youth
In Washington Is enumerated," said Mr.
Croxton today.

To The Person Who Understood
That They Could Buy A
SPRING ROAD HOME
Without The First Cash Payment

Exonerating tho'labor 'leaders fronl all
responsibility for his utterances, and

the wldo circulation given speech con
tainlng objectionable editorials 'from tho
American Fedorntlonlst, Congressman
Sulzer, of Now York, proved nn Inter
esting witness today In the contempt
of court proceedings against President
nompcis. Vice President Mitchell, and
Secretary Morrison, before ' Justlco
Wright In Equity Court, No. 2.
Today's session marked tho clpslng
of each tdo so far as testimony is concerned.
Finn! arguments will be begun
licfoin thu full court of six judges,
March 11.
Sulzer's Denial.
Congressman Sulzor delivered tho
speech In tho Hoiiss on March l7, I90S,
und 30,000 copies were "franked." The
committee of prosecutors sought to
prove that the Tabur leaders were responsible
for Incorporating Into the
Congressional Record nn editorial written
by President Gompers, severely
criticising the Injunction prohibiting a
boycott against tho Ducks Stove and
Range Company, .bv having It added to
the Hulzer speech.
"Did tho three respondents have any
thing to do with tho franking of 30,000
copies of that speech?" asked Attorney
Daniel Davenport, ono of the prose
cutors.
"No, sir," replied the Congressman..
"How many copies were distributed?"
inquired the prosecutor.
"I don't know for sure, but I only
regret that there were not more sent
out," blandly answered tho .witness".
Explains Action.
Pressed for an explanation as to why
he had made the speech on March It,
tho day after a meeting of the executive
council of tho American Federation of
Labor, and the day before the "protest
conference" of tho labor leaders, Congressman
Sulzer said:
"I make speeches when tho spirit
moves mo and I can get recognition
from the Speaker. ThU matter of tho
Injunction I deemed to bo of sufficient
public moment to demand wide publicity.
The Congressional Record being
ono of the cheapest agencies for publicity.
I simply used that means of
placing the subject before the citizens ut
largo."
Thore was somo dispute between the
Congressman and Attorney Davenport '
as to whether the clerk of the House
reaa the editorial or just "hit tho high
places." It was brought out that tho
Congressman had characterized the ob
jectionable editorial as "a very able,
exhaustive and lucid commentary" by '
President Gompers when he pesented It
to his colleagues In the House
"Did not Arthur E Holder and
unomas jr. rruccy call on you on
March 17, 1903. nnd request that you Insert
the editorial In a speech so that It
could be fr&nked?" was thoJ'Mgnlflcant
question askfd'by Attbfnoy rDavcnport
before the witness left the stand.
"No. sir," responded the Congress
man In his deepest voice.
Reply Is Withheld.
It was later explained that Holder and
Tracej are labor men, but the committee
of prosecutors would, not divulge
tho significance of the question about
their connection with tho Sulzer speech.
Attorney J. H. Ralston, one of the
counsel for tho labor leaders, announced
that tho reply of Vice President
Mitchell to the suggestion of Justlco
Wright, that he explain hlB intentions
about respecting court orders In the future,
would not be made today. It was
expected that the answer would be filed
as it had been drafted. No reason was
assigned for withholding tho reply.
Following the tetstimony of Congressman
Sulzer the committee of prosecutors
read Into the record editorials
and other utterances by the labor leaders.
Tho purpose of this evidence. It
was stated, was to rebut testimony of
the respondents, the statements In somo
Instances being contrary to views expressed
on the witness stand.

THROUGH an oversight on the part of our Advertising Department
the fact that a small ash payment is required in order to
become the immediate owner of one of the Spring Road Properties
was unintentionally omitted from our last Saturday's anouncement
in the columns of The Washington Times and the Evening Star.
It is the purpose of all SHANNON & LUCHS advertisements to
be thoroughly informative and we exceedingly regret that even one
person should fail to understand exactly on what basis we sell so many
of the Spring Road Properties.
As the party to whom this advertisement is addressed made their
application for one of the Spring Road homes by phone and we did not
obtain their name and address, we take this opportunity of setting forth
more clearly the exact terms on which the Spring Road Properties are
sold.
The price -is $5,000. A small cash payment makes you the immediate
owner. After this first payment you pay but $38 per month.
Tliis $38 includes all interest and pays directly on the home.
TO INSPECT Take any Fourteenth street car going north. Get
off at Fourteenth and Spring Road and you are right at the homes
only a few minutes' ride from center of city.

Shannon & Luchs
713 14th St. N. W.
se- "Look Owx Green and White Sign." I

Another solar plexls equally as larrlns
as that which recently placed the ban
of the Vatican on dcsollette gowns was

dealt Dame Fashion leday when Pbpo
Plus lssut',1 ii tlccreo barrlmr the wear
lug of hobblf sHIrts from all functions
attended by clsrgymen of the Catholic
Church.
Consequently when Cardinal Gibbons
visits Washington soclctv hostesses tills
week not only will the Invited guests
be warned against the low neck cvvi-tug
gnwns, hut tln.'v will ulto bo told
that their skirts must not bo of tho o-treme
tight, hobhlo variety.
Mrs. William F. Draper, who will give
a -linnet- this evening in honor of his
eminence, nt her palatial K street residence,
has already received from tho
cardinal his approval of hor guest list
for the dinner. Just whether or not his
eminence eliminated env ot the names
it tho ultru-fashlonables from the list
presented to hliu bv his prospective
hoHtess could not he learned. That It
Is thf custom to present th "guest list"
to high church dignitaries us In thu
euse of dinners given to Olplomats or
the President for ho appiuvnl of tho
guest In whose honor tho particular
function Is held, was all that Mrs. Diaper
cared to say when asked If Cardinal
ilbbons had revised the tentutUe list
aent him.
Cardinal Gibbons Is a favorlto In
Washington. Ho Is annually enter
talncd hero by Mrs. Stephen B. Klklne,
Mrs. William F. Draper, Miss Patten,
Chief Justice and Mrs. Edward D.
White, Mrs. Henry C. Corbin, nnd
others. His visits will begin with Mrs.
Draper's dinner this ovening.
Society Is eager to learn whether or
not tho cardinal's hostesses will request
the women invited to meet HIS
Eminence to weur high collars and bod-Ices,
in pursuance to tho example sot
by the society women who entertained
Cardinal Bourne. Cardinal Bourne,
however, made It plain to those who
entertained him that It would plcaso
Proof That He Has
Cure for Rheumatism
There are frw dtecoverns of remecllca ho
can gle dbtolute proof that they have found
a permanent cure Ono of them rare exceptions
Is Mr K. T Delano.
lie Is a living testimonial uf tho efficiency
of his remedy The photograph truthfully
shows the terrible effects of tho rucklnc
pains of rheumatism, but, today ho Is enjoying
perfect health and Is devollnK Ills
life tu curing others.
Rheumatism was hereditary In his family.
When only a youth tho dlscaso became
chronic with him. He suffered untold agony
for Zi years and after spending $30,000 for
medicines, doctors and experiments he finally
discovered the remedy which completely cured
him.
Ho now offers to any rheumatic sufferer
a free package of ths same remedy, and he
has literally bushels of letters of gratitude
as proof of his liberality. Address S. T. Delano.
Dept. GF. Delano Bldg., Syracuse, N. Y.

bbbbbbbbV -lit ' IvIbbbbbbbbbV II bbbbb1EEEzEE5hbb?
liBBBBBBBBl W-iiyWNaBBBBBBBl II W.'eSF
BBBBBBBBBBF ' CrJ' MttUik.'i vIbBBBBBH II "KXSlaeeatlMjBBSMaiSBBBjte.
bbbbbbbbV''' !rfl- -L?bbbB B "'"'".AlWfresir
BBBBBBBBBBW&iBBBBBBBBLBBH H H' QSSM,

bbbbbbbbBHbIIsbbV'1'IH Li M"IU' -HM

BBBBIinBBlBBBBlBBBBBBBBBlBBJHMll 11(3 K!rPPW ' .1

bbbbbbbb89bbbbbbbHbbHbMbbbbbbbbH I 3 I ' ' I .. . B 11
bbbbHbbbbBpWSHVIBbbbbbbH Hr v55iN 31
bbbbbbbbbbbbKTF''' .'RIbHbbbbbbbbI IM.y v?Sp-g ,
ffHTiVIlBBBl Till TiiiiJlrT
bbbbbWAV- -i.,iu JIbbbbbbbbbI b .ii"ihjw
BBBBBBBT- &?W vfTTKK
;BBBBBBF ,yjti-,ii.i-l ,. TiMitlBBBBBBBBBBI III

WLE

The First Carload of Leonard Porcelain Refrigerators
At 1-6 Off Regular Prices This Week
The early refrigerator buyer will certainly get a big bargain here this week. With the exception
of two patterns, every one of our new 1912 Leonard Refrigerators may be had' this week at one-sixth off
the regular prices.
More Than Forty Patterns of Leonard Refrigerators to Choose From'
Four thousand dollars worth of Refrigerators are in this sale and regular prices will be asked after
this week. Save the sixth by purchasing now. Your selections may be charged if you desire.

This Leonard Seamless
Porcelain Refrigerator,
$39.75
LarRo Solid Oak Leonard
Itafrlserntiir. just like the cut
to th rlsht. lias panels of
genuine nuartcrcd oak, nlckel-pldttri
brass trlmmlnKS, ten
whIIb of Insulation, and heavy
seamless porcelain l)nlnpr
HelRht 45 i Inches, width 34 i
Inches, depth 21'4 inches, lec
capacity 100 pounds

McDougall Kitchen Cabinets

Hi
Ml JMC iL iWsffsfcsfill "

ir

This $31 Five-Piece
Parlor Suite

Attractive Klvo-pieco Mahoganv-llnlshed Parlor Suite just like
the aboe illustration. Has carved back, French legs, high arms,
and scats and backs upholstered In dark green velour.

Credit Privileges
Credit payments may be arranged
for any purchase If you desire it
Is vour privilege to havo a chargo
account, maklpg payments on It
cltliar weekly or monthly, as Is
most convenient Ten per cent discount
allowed en accounts closed
In 30 days and on cash purchases.

OMKDE&KES

RE F RICERAT ORS
1 1 l fl If ' imi ' mii . . i l "'Ifll "n i. ii..l' ?..' -

-j0WH rmjw W JiPk ,v
'' ( 1' vi n jCjfc'''-,'lj7i i

This $22.50 Seamless
Porcelain Refrigerator,
$18.55
This excellent RefrlKorator has a
peamlcss porcelain Interior, case
Kolden oak finished, genuine quartered
oak panels, nickel-plated
brass trlmmlnEP, eluht walls of ln-xulatlon,
and Is highly polished.
Hclcrht 43 inches, length 25 inches.
dpth 17 Inches, ice capacity C&
pounds,

J 111 sLLxfl
fin j TT r 1
mMm 1
slTliliilTi v I
HPffLr'3sM

This Exact $21McDougall
Kitchen Cabinet.

$18.75
Attractive golden oak McDougall
Kitchen Cabinet, exactly like tho cut
to tho left. Has large double door
china cupboard, nickeled working
top, two large drawers, large flour
bin. largo cupboard wtth sliding
shelf, sanitary, high leg base, and
attractive water-proof tlnlsh.
$9C 7C
&$. i 3

2lqA0r&0cr
409-417' SeventhSt. -

10 Discount on Accounts Closed in 30 Days

This $16.50 Leonard's
"Grand Rapids" Refrigerator
$13.75
Handsome Zinc Lined Leonard's "Grand
Ilaplds" Refrigerator, Just like the illustration
to the right. Case of ash, golden oak
ilnlshed; panels of genuine quartered oak;
seven walls of Insulation; wire shelves, and Is
highly polished. Height. 42 Inches; width,
26 Inches; depth", 17 Inches; ice capacity, 50
pounds.

All Iron Bed Springs
This Strong National Link Bed Spring,

A " i i J

This $40 Three-Piece $QQ 7C
Silk Plush Parlor Suite OO. D
Handsomely polished Threo-plcoo Parlor Suite In dark mahogany
llnlsli. Just llko the above illustration. Kaoh piece has rolling
back high arms, claw feet, and is upholstered In green silk
plush.

n

r .'n

4 " I" SB

This $33.75 Seamless
Leonard Refrigerator
$28.13
KarRc Three-door Style Seamless
Porcelatn-llncd Leonard RefrlR-orator,
exactly like the one illustrated
to the left. Has golden
oak finished case, panels of Rcnu
Ine quartered oak, nickel-plated
brass locks and hinges, eight walls
of Insulation and Is highly polished.
Height. 45 Inches; width, 33
Inches; depth, 18 Inches; ice capacity,
80 pounds.
V
9o
Heavy National Link Bed
Spring like the cut to the
left, in sizes to fit an,y bed.
HaB heavy angle-Iron frame,
largo tubular sides, strong
helical springs at each end,
und bronzed finish. Special
net price, $2. 5S.
Store Service
Your transaction at this store is
not considered as closed as soon as
the goods are delivered and paid
for We want every purchase to
give the satlafuctorv serlcc represented
It would give, und wish to
be told should such not lie the case.
We want every customer to bo a
satUfled booster for our business
policy.

$2

ESBBD

H-