GARDINER.
William Clarke of Boston is the
guest of friends In the city.
The Master Mason decree was worked,
Thursday evening, by Hernion
iaidgejF. and A. M. tine candidate r< -
reived tile degree.
Byron Whltemore has sold his liartier
business to K. c. Jones, who will
put tin assistant In the shop and devote
his attention to his confectionery
business.
Mr. Hansard and J. H. Thompson
of the Hazzard Shoe Co. left, Thursday,
for Lewiston, where Mr. Thompson
is to transact business, and Mr.
TIazzard will continue to Boston.
The Uni versa list Men'* Club will hold
its nezveprieeting on Wednesday evening.
March 20. A fine supper is to be provided
and it is expected that the attendance
will he large. Hon. I'ayson
Smith. State superintendent of schools,
will he the speaker.
Over r.n couples attended the dance
in KVmf I*, hall, Thursday evening, under
the auspices of Uniform Bank, K.
of P. A supper was served by Caterer
Jluker. The Hank of Knight degree will
be woffled, next Thursday evening.
Th< Ladies' Aid of the Randolph M.
K. church, which was to have met with
Mrs. Fred N. Carlton, Wednesday afternoon,
was postponed on account of
the rain and bad traveling. It has not
been decided where tile next meeting
will be held.
The social at the Methodist church,
Thursday evening, under the auspices
of the young" people of the church, was
certainly a success. The attendance
was pood and with refreshment? and
game*, of all kinds played, the affair
proved a tine time.
George A Moore, sou of i^i and Mrs.
F. U. Moore of Randolph, warn has been
a clerk for the Maine Trust Banking
Co. here for the past two years, has
been appointed assistant treasurer of th>
Skowhdgan Trust Co., and w ill leave for
there, Friday morning. During his star
In Gardiner he has made many friermls
and is well liked, and many friends rtgret
to have 1dm leave.
The sixth regular meeting of the
■Lewiston Chapter of New England
Telephone Employes was held. Thursday
eWmlng. in K. of P. bull. P. G.
Bartlett of the division office of revenue
of Portland was present and
gave a lecture on "Division Revenue,"
which added much of interest. An excellent
supper was provided by Caterer
W O. Bilker.
Pittstou held a rousing caucus. Thursday,
to elect delegates to the State convention.
April 10, at Bangor. Those elected
were C. M. Fossett, A. E. Lord, W. S.
Brookings. They are uninstructed. S.
A. Jewett, who has been chairman of the
town committee for the past l>i years,
tendered his resignation, which was accepted
with regret, and C. M. Fossett
was elected fit Ins place, and A. K. Lord
secretary. The state convention is to
elect a president and vice president.

Tlie Hoard art Registration. now in
session, added irt new name's to the
Voting list. Thursday. Not >i single
name was added, Wednesday, art Instance
which never occurred before in
the history of the hoard. A number
of names hi)re been taVen off* the list
and other changes maile. The hours
are: II A, M."to I I'. M . " to a ami 7 to
;t 1*. M. The hoard will close at i> 1*.
M.. Saturday.
WINTHROP CENTER.
No meeting fit the church, Wednes
day evening, on account of the storm
The meeting, Thursday evening, was
led by Orlando Williams of Augusta
C. M. Hgiley's meeting i,s postiKJijpd
until Sunday evening, when he will
have charge. Friday night, the pastor
will leasl. *
Ralph M. Towle and Marion \V.
Sleeper are passing their vacation at
their homes. r .
EAST WINJHROP.
The Thtir lay Club rnet with Mrs Lillian
Stone, March it. Roll call, items
about spring. The following prograirf was
in chTiVife of Mrs. Lillian Stone: "Sonic
Notable Days in Marcli," Miss Mary
■Wood; poem, "Well-known Moil," Mi
Lillian Stone; "Five Old Houses at K.itery
Point," Mrs. Maude West: "t< v
Harvesting," Mrs. Cora Park 111 an: "The
Spiufrtng - Woman.'' Mrs. Lillian Foster.
"The Last of the Abenakis," Mrs. Stella
Stone:1 poem. "Maine," Mrs. Phoebe
Ptnkham; "Higlier Education in Maine,"
Mrs. Sarah Uachclder; quotations from
12 Americans, club; historical enigma,
club; history of Maine, club reading.
Dainty refreshment# were served by lit •
hostess. Tlie next iheettug will be held.
March 2S, at t fte 'home. of Mrs. Maude
West, and the ppogfrfcm will be In charge
of Mrs. Steel Whiting. Roll.tall, itemof
interest. ■*. , ,v .
Master Edward \'. Hamlin of Brunswick
is visiling his grandparents, At .
and Mrs. C. P/ijsdbretli.
Mrs. Aina (Iqrdon of North Monmouth
4s visiting friends in East Winthrop.

Bowdoin College.
Brunswick, Me,, March 14.-(Special).-
The New HampsWre'CIUb of the collggj,
12 in number, lias organized witn the
following officers: Pres:, Hnlpli H. Holt,
•12, Grasmere, N. H.; Vico Pres., W. Joseph
Nixon, '13, East Rochester, N. H.;
Sec.-TreaSo Alfred E. Gray, '14, Portsmouth*
N, H,
Allan Colo, '14, assistant manager of
tin.' track team, attended a meeting of
tlie New England Athletic Association,
last week, in Springfield. Mr. Cole resigned
as vice president of tlie associatoin,
and Cedric It. Crowell, '13, of Itichmond
l.lills, V., tip' manager of the
track -team, was elected.
Invltatforts are out for the third and
last of the college teas given by the
wives of the professors, which will he
held, Friday afternoon, In IfVibbard hall.
A students' meeting was held, Thursday
evening, under the auspices of tne
Y. M*rC. A., and was well attended. The
generftij1 topic of the addresses was.
"How College LKe Can Bo Improved."
The speakers were: Behind Means, '12,
captain.til^he 'Varsity nine; Wm, McCormick,
-12. editor of the Orient and
president or the College Y. M. C. A.;
CedrUPR. crowell, 13, manager of the

track team; amt Taut Douglas, '13, center
on the football cloven.
Percy Buck, '13, has Ueeu Initiated into
the Delta Upsllon.
A Franklin-Oxford County Club was
organized, Tuesday evening. The club
has 1C members. The following officers
were elected; President, James P, Norton.
*13, of Phillips; secretary and trens]
urcr, Luther <!. Whittier, '13, oT l-'armi
ington.
Clarence Robinson, T5, of Thomnsion
1 has been Initiated into llela Theta Pi.
! A delegation from the Bowdoin V. -M.
' C. A. visited Kent's Hill. Sunday, and
spoke at the services. In the delegation
were; Ernest G. Flfleld, general secretary
of the Y. M. C. A.; W.m. McCormick.
12, of South Framingham, presii
dent of the Y. M. C. A., and Arthur Meri
ill, 'll, of Skowhegan.
A meeting of the representatives of
Lewiston High and Cony High schools
with tile executive committee of the
Bowdoin Debating League was held here,
recently, to make the arrangements for
. tile final debate in the Bowdoin Inter;
scholastic Debating League. It was decided
(that the final debate will be held,
Friday, April 26. The questiotf will be
the same as lias been debated in the
preliminaries; "Resolved. That a Tariff
for Revenue Only Is Better for This
i Country Than a Protective Tariff.'' Af!
tlrmative, Lewiston High; negative, Cony
High.
Tile college officers recently received
a letter from the six-year-old son of
Henry Hill Pierce of the class of 1X96, Hie
composer of "Bowdoin Beuta. ' The li tter
was written on • a toy typewriter.
That the boy is already aimed for tHe
college is shown from the following:
"DEAR BOWDOIN-MR. PIERCE DID
GO TO BOWDOIN AND HE HAS 2
BOYS AND 1 IS GOING AND l YOU
CAN'T TELL ABOUT. THAT BOY. i
THINK IS GOING 2 BOWDOIN. 'WILLIAM
CURTIS I'PERCH.*'

seven Rowdoin students ate to participate
in tin- Matiisses Flub play "A Russian
Honeymoon," to be given iu Town
tuRl, Monday evening, -March IS, the
proceeds of tlie play tXj lay used in charitable
work in Brunswick.
The Sagadahoc Count/'t'lub, Wednesday
evening, elected the following Pincers:
President, Clifton O. Page, T3, of
Bath; vice Pres., Joseph Newell, 'll'
Pdehmond; Kec.-Treas.. Earle S. Thompson.
'.It, Bath. The qliyb numbers 17.
Tljef engagement of \yil(iam C. Allen,
'll. of Boston to Miss Marguerite Fitzgerald
of Maysbille, Ky., has been announced.
I* Katie Gardner, '13, recently represented
Rowdoin Chapter, Beata The: a
Pi, at the New England convention in
Boston.
The next Smoker w ill be held, March
36. Several important mutters concerning
the college will be discussed.
BATH TUB TRUST JURY
Fails to Agree at Detroit and Is Discharged
by Judge Angell.
Detroit, Mich., March 14.-The jury,
which has been trying the case of the
government against the so-called bath
tub trust, in the federal court her.,
failed to roach an agreement and was
discharged by Judge Angell, tonight.
Tlie jury was reported to have sion I
seven for acquittal and five for conviction..
The case was placed in their
hands, at l".3l> o'clock today, and the
jurors deliberated over 10 hours.
According to one of the government
attorneys the case will be retried.
CONDENSED DISPATCHES.
The finance committee of the Senate,
Thursday, ordered an adverse report
to the Senate on the House steel
lull. This decision was reached by a
strict party vote of S to «. tlie Denjo- ;
/rats voting for the House measure
which they will urge in a minority report.
The House. Thursday, after a brief
discussion adopted the concurrent
resolution passed by the Senate,
Wednesday, authorizing the President
to prohibit tile exportation of war
supplies to any American country
where domestic violence exists. In
signing the resolution President Taft
will issue a Proclamation specifically
forbidding the shipment of arms to
Mexican revolutionists.

Holding the hand of his elderly wife.
Dr. \\ . 1>. .\fi Fariand of Grcensoillo,
i' nu., grown gray in the setvif,o
in the. pubis schools and the
ministry, entered a |>h a of. not guilty
w lien brought to trial) Thursday, in
criminal court at Pittsburg, Pa., for
his alleged implication in the death ot
his farmer secretary. Elsie Dos Poe, „s
Hu* result of a criminal operation.
Match if. Twenty-two steamers, with
4'ltHi Xewioundlnnd seamen on hoard
steamed out of .St. Johns. X. F., gh (rtly
after dawn nd headed towards tin
northward iuglie annual search for tile
seal, which is to be found at this season
of the year as the ice of the no -th<
rn waters begins to break and llo.it
southward. It Is expected that two
months will pass before the steamers
igaiu return to St. Johns and report
their catches. The result of last year's
seal fishing was unusually good, ami
present conditions indicate that there
will be in excellent catch, this season.
Two firemen were killed, one fatally
hurt and a number of others are
missing in a ft re, which, Thursday,
partially destroyed the Butler county
courthouse at Hamilton, Ohio. The
men were buried when the high clock
tower crashed over into the foyer. The
bodies of T,. L. Love and Fred Hunker
have been taken out of the ruins.
George Fritz anil Hoy Ogg. were probably
fatally injured. The file was
placed under control after the upper
floors had been burned out. The county
offices on the first floor, containing
the important county records, were
not burned. The property loss is estimated
at $150,000.
The steamer Islewortli which went
ashore at Obibucto Head, near Halifax.
X. S., Wednesday night, sank,
Thursday. The Isleworth broke three,
of her propeller blades, Sunday, on a
trip from Boston to Louisburg and
struck, Wednesday afternoon, while
trying to enter Halifax harbor. Her
crew got ashore with difficulty. The
steamer was of 3000 tons and w3s under
charter to the Dominion Coal Co.
The British foreign office announced,
Thursday, that the advances by the
international bankers to the Chinese
republic are being made with the
sanction of the British government
and that British contributors to the
loan will be entitled to look to the
Britisli government for support in
case of default. At the same time the
j British government does not assume
any pecuniary liability.
Eugene H. Grace, who physicians

t
I say cannot live more than '-1 hgtfflfc
i made an ante-mortem statement,,
i 'Wjurnhiv night. at AtlanWT,' tja.. aeI
eiWng'Tiis wife of shooting lifni. The
ante-mortem statement was made to
attorneys und members of the Oraee
family .and was not made public. It is
known, however, that he told in detail
liis store of how his wife shot
him, that she terriained*with him several
hours after he was shot, and Ilia,
hV lagged for physieians and then for
water, lint got neither.
A 5 Per Cent. Rise
| For More Employes.
__
New Bedford, Mass. Mareh II
Twenty-live thousand textile operaS
lives in this city will receive an increase
of r> per cent, in wages, commencing
March IT). The New Bedford
j Manufacturers' Association decided
; upon tills advance, today, when a
! meeting was held to act upon a cemmanic
ation receive,! from the New
Bedford Textile < 'oimyii asking for an
'increase of la..pur cent., increase ,w
wages.
Although only the cloth mills are
represented !h the association tli**
I opinion was expressed in textile cir|
< les that the owners of the yarn mills
of the city would soon make similar
advances. Mill men say that the advance
here practically means that the
cotton manufacturers of southern N<w
Kngland will follow the action taken
hy the Manufacturers' Association.

Ilarre, Mass., March 11.-The striking
operatives of the Barrel Wool
■ Com bin Co., l,td., numbering about
Too, were offered a 5 per cent, increase
in wages, with a minimum wage of
per week for adults, at a conference,
late today, between Robert G. Thompson,
manager of the mill, anti a committee
of the strikers. As Manager
Thompson refused to receive or treat
\> ith Samuel Fa « sell, one of the organizers
of the Industrial Workers of
the World, who has tome here to conduct
the strike, the com mitt- e attended
the conference without him. Fassell
was present at a meeting of the
strike committee to discuss the offer,
tonight.
In contrast with the riotous demonstrations
of last night order prevailed
throughout the day in the mill district
and aboi^ the town. Additional protection
was asked for, however, from
Worcester end it was said, tonight,
that Gov. Foss had been asked to detail
a company of militia to protect
property.
Special Sheriff Abbott A. .Jenkins
and U deputies and two state inspectors
arrived from Worcester, lonight,
with three-state inspectors, the latter
sent, it is understood, by Gov. Foss,
to Investigate conditions.
In response to a further call upon
Worcester for help, 20 special officers
will come here from that city, tomorrow,
to perform indict- duty.
The two state inspectors sent here
tonight, by Gov. Foss were A. G. Wells
anti A. K. Keating. They will returr
to Bust m. tomorrow morning, to report
P> the Governor.
-
Fall River, Mass.. March 11-Declining
to accept the mill owners' offer of a .
per cent, increase in wages, the Weavers'
and Doom Fixers' Unions at overflow
meetings, tonight, voted to ask foan
advance of la and 171 per cent, respectively.
The two unions will take tlu-ir demands
to the Cotton Manufacturers' Association
direct and will not act through
the Textile Council in conjunction wi n
the sipnirers, slasher tenders and carders,
who, last night, voted to ask for increases
of from 10 to 15 per cent. The
Textile Council will meet, tomorrow
night. Fully 2000 operatives attende i
the meeting of the Weavers' l nion and
there were nearly as many at the loom
fixers' meeting.

Providence, R. i., March 14.-It is expected
that it will be only a very short
time before the Rhode Island cotton
manufacturers will fall into line with
those of other places in New England in
granting wagg increases, following the
action of the New Bedford mill men, today.
It has been customary for the manufacturers
in this state to follow any
movements rat do by the New Bedford
mills, as they produc practically liesame
quality of goods, while in Fall lii■ -
er and other places a cheaper product is
manufactured
'Che Rhode Island cotton mills employ
about 20.000 operatives,
Exeter, N. 11.. March. 11. -The Exeter
Manufacturing t'o. posted notices in its
cotton mills here, today, announcing an
advance of 5 per cent, in wages an
March lx. The company employs 10*1
hands.
Pittsliehl. X. H„ March 14. The 400
operatives of the Pittsliehl cotton mills
were notified, today, of an Increase in
v av s amounting to at least live per
cent., next Monday. The mills ar.
owned by the Exeter Manufacturing
Co.
Newmarket, X. H., March 14.-An
order was received from Boston, today,
by the agent of the Newmarket
Manufacturing Co., to readjust the
wage schedule beginning March is. It
is understood that an advance of at
least 5 per cent, will go into effect on
that date. The Newmarket mills
manufacture cotton and silk goods and
employ 1000 operatives.
Burlington. Vt., March 14. The employe.-.
of the Chase cotton mills her.
have been notified of a five per cent,
advance in wages, March 25. Tin
mills employ almut 300 operatives.
The late of discount of the Bank of
England remained unchanged at 2J per
cent.. Thursday.
Cheap Tickets to the
Far West and Northwest
I know of a way by* which you can
save a good portion of the ordinary expense
of a trip west. I am employed by
thc ■'Burlington Route" to give you tills
information and to help you in every
way r can. I've been west many time;
and I can point out to you how to travel
comfortably and inexpensively, what to
see and how to get there. It is my business
to furnish you with maps and tell
you about the special cheap tickets v.e
offer, as well as assist you make your
plans. I will engage sleeping berths
and deliver your tickets and be of such
help that all details of your trip will be
arranged before you start front your
home. Jf y-on are going west, please
call at iny office or write me for information
a postal will do. AIjEX.
STOCKS, New England l'ass. Agt. O.,
B. &- Q It. R. Co., 2t>4 Washington St.,
Boston.

'Warming Up at Both Taft
And Roosevelt Headquarters.

YVa.-hingtnnA March II fnusuul
activity was evident at both the Talt
and Roe-welt campaign headnuurtera,
ted.! \ .
,\ the result of gttierul inquiries
hy Director .McKinley, the Taft hen Iuuartcr.s
gave nut nearly a score of reports
to show growing Talt sentiment
in hotly contested states.
Senator Dixon, manager of tlie
Roosevelt campaign, enaineeretl for
the newspaper men a personal interview
v. ilit Gov. Glasscock of West Virginia.
Gov. Glasseoek gave out a
.statement that Mr. Dixon had written,
i < eitVi ying Gov. Glasscock's npinioii
| • that in Ids political experience, he
has never yet seen a more determined
uprising of the rank and file of the
Republican party than is the present
situation for Roosevelt."
Gifford Pinehot, Representative Wilson
of Illinois, Gov. Glasseoek and O.
K. Davis, the new assistant manager
of the Roosevelt campaign offered
emphatic expressions of their -confidence
in the increasing tide of Roosevelt
sentiment. The telegram sent by
Gov. Stubbs to President Talt. charging
federal office holders in Kansas
with political activity, was reproduced
for g>. neral circulation by the Roosevelt
mimeographs, while Rep. Anthony's
telegram making a counter
charge against the activities of Gov.
Stubbs' state office holders was circulated
by the Taft headquarters and
was made public at the White House.
A telegram from Harry S. New of In

diumipnlis, chairman »*f the Republican
national committee, made public by the
Taft campaign commithe, said that tin
Roosevelt sentiment is palpably on tin
wane in Indiana, and that President
Taft would probably scrum the four delegate-.!
t-la rge them as well as most of
the district delegates.
A counter statement from the Roosevelt
committee that the Taft machine in
Indiana, "bossed now by ex-Senator
Hetnenway." is trying by early conventions
"to throttle any expression ot' sentiment
by ]>epuhlican voters of Indiana
and to thwart their desire to participate
In the selection of their presidential
candidate."
New York, March H. The appointment
as chairman of the advisory committee
of the Rastern branch of the
National Taft ^Bureau, here*, of Gen.
B4?nJ. K. Tracy, former secretary of
the. navy was made known, tonight.
CONVENTION FARES.
It Will Cost You Two Cents ^ Mile
Flat to Either One.
( hirugn. March 11 -Pares to the
Democratic National convention in
Baltimore and the Republican National
convention here, have been fixed
at two cents a mile by the Central
Passenger \ssoeiation. Regarding the
Prohibition convention at Atlantic
City. July 10-1:'. it was decided to refer
travelers to that convention to the
special seaeoust rates.

Drastic Action to
Stop Filibustering.
Washington, March -li.-President
Taft, tonight, signed the joint Congressional
resolution making it unlawl
ul to t>:i« rt arms or munitions of war
to -any American country where domestic
violence exists and immediately
afterward issued a proclamation
declaring that since sir it domestic- violence
had lteen found to exist in
Mexico ail federal law officers are enjoined
to prevent violation of the resolution.
With the signing of the resolution
and promulgation of the proclamation
violation . f the neutrality law now
becomes a misdemeanor punishable by
a fine of $10,000 or imprisonment tor
two years, or both. Although the President's
proclamation specifically names
Mexico, the joint resolution is so
woided that government offi- inis expe<
t to make use in the future to prevent
filibustering expeditions to any
AtneriCi n country where a state ot
revolution exists Aside from the usual
preamble the President's pioclamalinn
reads as follows:
"Xow, therefore, I. William Howard
Taft. President of the United Stub s
of American, acting under and byvirtue
of the authority conferred in
me by the said joint resolution of Congress,
do hereby declare and proclaim
that I have found that thefe exist in
Mexico such conditions of domestic
violence promoted by the use of arms
01 munitions of war procured from the
I'nited States as contemplated by the
said joint resolution, anil I do lurchadmonish
all citizens of the i'nited
State s and every person, to abstain
from every violation of the provision
of tite joint resolution above set forth
hereby made applicable to Mexico and
I do hereby warn them that all violations
of such provisions will be rigorously
prosecuted. And I do hereby
< njoin upon all officers of the United
States charged with the execution of
tile laws thereof, the utmost diligenei
in preventing violations of the said
joint resolution, and this, my proclamation.
issued there under and i:
bringing to trial and punishment an:
offenders against the same."
The proclamation was Issued after
it had been carefully considered by
Attorney General Wickersham, Acting
So. rotary of State Wilson and the
President.
According to war department officials
this joint resolution gives to Ho
I'resident Ho power lie has long needed
to curb the sending of arms hit ■
Mexico from Texas towns.

David A. Truesdale
Will Be Rewarded
Houston. Tex., March 14.-David A.
Truesdale, express messeng* r. wuo
killed two rmii when they attempted
to rob the Southern 1'actfte passenger
train .Vo. ro ar Saudi lson. Tex., will
be fluid a rewind of WHO and in addition
will In presented a gold watch
suitably inscribed, if the recommendations
of Supt. Taft of the Wells Farx»'
Express-Co. are followed. Mr. Taft
said l.o would recommend that tin
standing reward given for the arrest
and conviction of train -robbers, be
awardt d to Truesdale. The usual reward
is $300 for eaeh conviction.
T' uesdi le's friends describe him as
quiet and unassuming. He lias been in
the employ of tin- company about eight
years.
s'.ande.'son. Tex.. March It.-Express
Messenger Truesdale, who killed two
men when tiiej attempted to
rob the cur ill his charge near here,
yesterday, was exonerated, late last
night, by a coroner's jury which held
an Inquest over the bodies of the men.
A posse was still in pursuit of a third
bandit, 'his morning.
Thursday's Doings
In 62d Congress.
J.\ THE SENATE.
Eulogies on late Senator Frye of
Maine wire delivered.
Finance committee by vote of * to
(> ordered adverse report on House
steel tariff revision bill
Adjourned, at 4,10 p. M., until 2 p.
M„ Friday.
IN THE HOVSE.
Passed the Senate joint resolution
prohibiting shipment of arms to AiexICd,
Free sugar hill debate begun with
Democrats from cane and beet sugar
producing states against measure.
i

1 liaii man t ml* rivood of ways and
moans committee presdhted majority
report favoring1 proposed excise tax
hill. Representative Longworih presenting
minority report opposing it.
Paymaster'Genera I Syffen, retired,
told Helm committee that Major Ray
had worked for other Presidential
candidates than President Taft.
Adjourned, at 6:0» P. M„ until noon,
tomorrow.
CAPITAL JOTTINGS.
The House naval committee may report
a two battleship bill, according to
reports from the committee, Thursday,
but it will not complete the appropriation
bill which will include the amount for
battleship until the Democratic caucus
has met and rescinded Its action of several
weeks ago in voting against any
battleship appropriation.
•1. H. Powell of the Cramp Shipbuilding
Co. of Philadelphia, told the Senate
committee on education and labor.
Thursday, that the bill which would limit
government contract work to eight
hours, was too drastic, was unworkable,
and ultimately would ruin manufacturing
^establishments that depend largely
on governm. nt work.
A bill that would prohibit any railroad
or any other common carrier from owning
stock in or controlling directly or indirectly
a steamship line with which ,t
competes, was introduced, Thursday, in
tlie House by ltep. Covington of Maryland,
a member of the committee on
commerce. The measure revives the issue
recently before the committte to
prohibit the use of the Panama canal for
railroad-owmd vessels.
CONTESTING DELEGATIONS
Are Being Chosen by Taft and Roosevelt
Men in Oklahoma.
Tulsa, dkla., March 14.-Contesting
delegations were elected, today, from
the J.d Congressional district of Oklahom
, to tin National Republican
convention. Roosevelt members bolted
the meeting of the Congressional committee
two hours before the time set
lor trie convention when the Taft cum■milteenien
made an effort to unseat
tlie chairman, who was a Ri osevedt
support r. The Roosevelt faction had
their convention in an opera house and
elected A. A. h'mall and A. K. Dennison
as delegates to the national convention.
The Taft forces met in the
federal court room and elected Jose A,.
GUI and John Hillilian as delegates.
H corgi >Priestly, a Roosevelt snpporter,
was elected national commit*
teeirsan :l Guthrie, over James II
Mae.is. chairman of tin State executive;
committee and a Taft adherent.
The vote was fli1 ■ to 1:17'.'
To Observe Funeral
oi the Maine.

Albany, X. Y., March II. 11"V. I»ix issued
a proclamation, tonight, that, as
befitting tile sinking of tin battleship
Main, <iIT the Cuban cna> . n-xt Satur
day, the flags on all public building in
the state be half-masted from noon until
sunset on that day.
THE MAINE VICTIMS
Taken to Havana to Lie in State Until
Their Last Journey Home.
Havana, March 14. Tin* bodies recovered
from the Maine were transferred,
tonight, from the Cabanas
fortress under a guard of honor compos-.I
of Cuban troops in »a funeral
barge across tile harbor to Havana.
The coffins were enclosed iri wooden
l.oxi s on being landed and carried on
the shoulders of Cuban soldiers and
sailors under command of a senior ollieei
ot the Cuban navy to the municipal
council chamber in tie palIliiring
the night the chamber will
be decorated with flowers and Hags,
and the public will be admitted to
view the eoihris lying in state, Horn -
o'clock tomorrow afternoon until in
o'clock Saturday morning when they
will be transferred to the cruiser
North Carolina,
CONDENSED DISPATCHES.
The latest extension of the rapid
transit system of (Heater Boston, the
to an ! I i C ' :rjbrjdgwill he opined
for tratlie, on March 23, according to
an announcement made, Thursday, at
Boston. The tunnel runs under Beacon
Hill, across the new West Boston
I ridge and then underground to Harvard
square.
Lorillard Spencer, w ell-known as , a
clubman and prominent socially in
Ncqvpoll and Now York, diet} at liisi
home. Thursday, at Nt \v York, of
Bright's disease, in his 53rd year. A
wido.v and a soli survive. Mr. Spen

cr was a native ef New York City.
He laid nut lie. n engaged in active
business, for some yearn.
It was announced. Thursday, by the
New York, New Haven A- Hartford
officials that K. L. Wilson of Boston
has been appointed assistant general
passenger agent of the road. Air. Wilson
pas beta connected with the passenger
department of the road, for
many vears.
I Receivers were appointtjd Cor the Me•
'nun & Howell < in the United States
district court ai Chicago, Thursday, by
j Judge Sanborn. The application was
I filed by A. K. Pfahlcr of Philadelphia, I
stockholder The company, while it consenti-d
to the appointment, declared it
1 was not insolvent.
The verdict ef the coroner's inquest at
Portsmouth, ling.. Into the cause of tlu
death of the officers and crew of submarine
"A3," which was sunk in, collision
with tfie depot ship Hazard, on Feb. 3,
was that the collision was entirely accii
dental and that no blame could be il'
tached to anyone.
Final arguments in favor of the,bill
extending the .Southern Now fingTAn 1 I
Railroad, the subsidiary company of the'
Grand Trunk Railway in New England, j
to Boston, were made, Thursday, in Boston,
President K. H. Fitz.lmgh making
i the closing speech. The opposition is expected
to begin, next week, when couni
sol for the New York, New Haven Ac
I Hartford, the Boston A- Maine and the
! Boston A Albany railroads will be heard.
President Fitzliugh pointed out that the
j new line from Palmer to Providence was
i under construction; that tin- Massaehu|
sott shill was practically tile same as
j that adopted by the Rhode Island Logic.
I lature, and that the Grand Trunk regnrdj
od New London as its port for trade

along me i-ung island sound, Providence
as its port for New York and other
coastwise ports, while Boston and Portland
would be essentially its port lor
foreign commerce. He said that it lay
entirely with all these ports to increase
their commercial importance and to encourage
the Grand Trunk to bring business
to them.
Klmore Kingsley o£ Plymouthy street.
Holbrook, is exhibiting a freak on nis
farm. Hast Thursday, a calf was born
and when it was' looked over carefully
it was discovered that it was half cow
and half deer. The calf only weighs 20
pounds, while if it was a- full-blooded
calf it would weigh around 60 pounds at
a week old.
A\ ord was received at Gloucester,
Wednesday, from Yarmouth, X. S„ stalling
that HirStn Wilson, one of the crew
of the schooner Premier, Capt. William
Morrissey, of Gloucester, died, last
Thursday evening. The vessel was lying
at a wharf in Yarmouth and, Thursday
evening, Wilson was found dead in his
berth. Wilson was unmarried and a native
of Lower Last Pubnico, X. S.
Gapt. Bennett and six men were rescued
in breeches buoy by the Ocean City,
Md., lifesuvers, early Wednesday, from
the Wilmington, Pel.. three-masted
; schooner John W. Hall. The vessel
j stranded three miles south of there while
! bound from Wilmington, X. C., to New
York with a cargo of lumber. The
schooner will be a total loss. The rescues
were effected with great difficulty.
Tin- annual meeting and dinner of the
Westrives Lumbermen's Association took
place in the Brooks House, Brattleboro,
\'t.. Wednesday afternoon, when the following
officers were elected: .1. 11. Tibia
ts of West Wardsboro, president; 1..
K. Holden of Brattleboro, vice presir
.d*-nt; Willis Tuft of Townshend, secretary-!
i-i-usurer; II. L. Gould of Windham,
• II. Hollenbeck of Jamaica, A. B. Stark
of Jamaica anil M. J. Hapgood of Peru,
directors.
j Tin- robbers who attempted to hold up
' file Southern Pacific train near Kandcr:
son. Tex., Wednesday, and were killed,
have been identified as Ed Welch, an es!
caped criminal, and a man named Kilpatrick.
Little is known of Kilpatrick.
A pack saddle with S00 rounds of ammu:
nition for revolvers and Winchesters was
i found on the pack horse in the bandit
outfit.

It was announced, Thursday, at Rock
! Island. 111., that the executive council j
; "f the modern Woodmen of America, in I
| session there, would take no action looking
to the expulsion of members of the
society who are opposing increased insurance
rates .V committee from the national
assembly recently held at Minneapolis
is to appear before the executive
council and petition for another!
bead camp meeting to reconsider the
rate <|Uestion.
Charles w, Eliot, former president of
Harvard University, is now at Shanghai,!
having resumed the tour of the world
" hieh was brought to a sudden stop at
Ceylon, owing to an attack of appendicitis
and subsequent operation. The
health of Mr. Eliot is improving rapidly
and with ids returning, strength he has
made known ids intention of continuing
ids original plans, with the exception of
that portion which would take 1dm into
India.
After telling some friends that he
would be better off out of the world,
Alvin French, aged 70 years, one of Satillniiys
(Mass.) most respected citizens,
committed suicide, Wednesday, at his
home on Murdock road. Mr. French employed
a double method of taking Ids life,
by cutting Ids throat and shooting himself.
The deceased had been in poor
health and despondent. He was found
by members of the family, but died Defena doctor arrived. Ten children surv
i ve.
1 he Daily Oklahoman, Thursday morning,
published a dispatch to the effect
that Dr. Stratton I>. Brooks, superintendent
of public schools in Boston, is the
choice of tiie State Board of Education
for president of the Oklahoma State
University at Xorniun, to succeed Dr. A.
Oram Evans. The presidency lias been1
vacant since last July, Dean Monatt acting
president in the meantime. Dr.
Brooks arrived at Oklahoma City,
Wednesday, it is understood lie has not
yet accepted the offer of the board.
Ilu- electrification of ail railroads entering
Boston is provided for in a mandatory
bill unanimously reported, Thursday,
by tin- legislative committee on •
railroads. The bill provides that all rail- I
lodas within the limits of the Metropol-|
j itun park system shall la- operated by
electric power. The Metropolitan par ;
' system circles Boston with a cnain of
parks, and has a radios of about 15 miles
from the State House. Tile railroads,
under the bill reported by the committee,
are given until 1920 to make the
changes required. I
1'resident Taft soon will own a "big
stick.'' While in Boston, next Monday,
he will be presented with a shillela.i
which, according to the inscription it
hears, was taken from a tree that grew
beside Napoleon's tomb at b't. Helena.
' To u cavity in the bottom of the cane
is sand taken from the battlefield at Lexington,
kept in place by a plug of wool

from the Washington elrp. A plug In
j th" handle is made of wish! from the
| Paul Revere belfry and another feature
! is an Imbedded Lincoln penny. The stick
is the Rift of a Hali-m man. It now rests
in the office of Mayor Fitzgerald, Boston,
awaiting the arrival of the President.
If. V. Radford of New York, who is
exploring the Hudson's bay countrj,
reached Spurrell Harbor, at tile mouth
of Chesterfield Inlet, on lludsoWd bay.
Oct. 1, mil, uceording to it li tter received,
Wednesday, by It. F. Belt of Wiunipeg,
Man , representative of a far trading
concern. Th#"fetter was dated- oet.
It follows: "With my assistant, T.
George Street, I arrived here three days
ag oby canoe from Fort Reservation,
Great Slave Lake. Found the relief supplies
you were so kind as to send up to
Pelinan, and have landed tnem here
These will enable me to continue on my
northern exploration lor at least a year. '
Judge Holt of the United States district
court at New York, Thursday, ordered
the American Mail Steamship Co., dwnef
of the steamship Admiral Farragut.
d<> pay into, the court the sum of *106,010
to cover all claims resulting from th -
sinking of the steamship Mtrida. dT the
New York & Cuba Mail SfodfhMfip Litre,
last May. The court's decree folIbwetPa
motion that a limitation of liability be
set in tlie case. The aggregate sum of
all the claims was *1,800,000. The Admiral
Farragut ran Into the Merida off
Cape Charles, Va., May 12 last, and sank
the Cuban liner in 35 fathoms of water.
The 1X8 passengers and crew of 181 men
were all saved.
Mumi Minewa Mulfeokalani-Pearl
of Heaven-daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
W. R Aeko, members of Oliver Noro
sco's "The Bird of Paradise" Co.,
was christened witlf' Hawaiian ceremonies
on the stage of Maxine Elliott's
theatre, in New York, at 6
o'clock Wednesday afternoon, in the
presence of the white members of the
company and several* ltivited guests,
among whom Were se'vf#al writers. :
As the Hawaiian musfciftns1 played and
sing the anthem of tlveir Country the
native priest entered with torc-hbear- '
ers and repeated the rites in an Impressive
way. AdA PatteTson, Mrs.
Ethel - Watts Mumford Grand,' novelist.
and James Metcalfe- stood sponsor
for the child. '
AUGUSTA LOCALS.

Enoch Merrill.
Enoch Merrill, an aged and respected
citizen of Augusta, was found dead
on his doorstep, son after 2 o'clock
Friday morning, having evidently
died from heart trouble while in the
net of unlocking his door, the key being
found beside him. He had been at
a political meeting at City hall during
the evening, in hi.^ usual good
health. Death occurred on hs Tilth
birthday. He had an excellent Civil
War record and had for some years
been in the city government. Three
sons. Wilbur of Wiseasset, Everett,
with whom lie lived, and Uiyses of
Augusta,'Survive.
Colby College.
Announcement was made, Thursday,
of the students who vvllli be Sophomore
declamation speakers. The students
are: Robert H. Bowen, Harold C.
Morse, Willard B. Ashford, Harvey
Knight and Everett Wyman. In the
Women's Division the students are:
Marjorie Meader, Emily L. Hanson,
Clara W. Collins and Marjorie Scribner.
The four students in either division
of the college who have maintained
the highest general average in the
course of English composition either
in their Freshman or Sophomore years,
are eligible for Sophomore declamation
The speaking contest will be held
daring the latter part of May or the
lirst of June. There are two prizes offered,
$10 and $5. In the Women's Division
these awards are for the same
amount and are called the Hamlin
prizes for excellence in reading.
Edwin Howard Greggs, the famous
lecturer, will speak at the Baptist
church, Friday evening, on "The Merchant
of \ eniee. Shakespeare's Ethical
Awakening."
Dr. Edwin C. Whittemore, pastor of
the Baptist church of Water'd!io, conducted
'chapel exercise's, ' Thursday
morning. Dr. Whittemore, in a very
short talk, paid a stirring tribute to
the late Dr. Alonzo"' BunftJt, bt the
class of 1sh2. who has recently died.
Wednesday evening, March 27, has
been 'the date set lor Oie semi-final
debate in the Colby Intetdeholastic debating
I. ague, between' Coburn Classical
Institute and Maine* Central Institute.
The debate will be> held at ittsfi
id. in Union hall. The dale of the
semi-final debate between Watervillo
High school end Good Will High School
will be held at Fairfield, Friday evening,
March 22. It is expoeted that
these schools will charter a special
train for this occasion.
1 "i. .dent Roberts is on a few days
trip tu the coast.

Rehearsals of the Colby Dramatic
Club are progressing in a most pleasing
manner. Harry Harvey, of New
York, who has had considerable experience
in coaching plays, and also
taking leading parts in various productions
of that city, has these rehearsals
in charge. He will be with tho
club lor several days, and with. the
finishing touches he will add. ':WJtat
Happened To Jones" will in the possible
condition for immediate production.
Manager Seymour Soule, T2, oi
Hingham, Mass., is arranging an extensive
trip through Aroostook county
for the Easter vacation.
Announcement has been made that
fra Mikelsky, ex-13, of Bath has offered
several prizes to the students to
promote interest in college athletics.
He will give a pair of trousers to the
most earnest worker in track who
fails to earn his letter, and will do
the same for the most earnest worker
in baseball. In each instance the
coach, the captain of the teams and
"Mike" will he the judges. "Mike" is
also offering a cup for the winner of
the Interclass Track Meet which will
he held. Wednesday, the 20th of March.
The Commons Club sat for a photograph
at Preble's studio on Thursday
afternoon. The new society will be
represented in the Oracle with a cut
after tile manner of the, other fraternities.
Dean Elizabeth Bass of the Women's
Division and Eva Macomber, '13, ot
Jay. left Thursday afternoon for
Northampton, Mass., t<> attend the annual
convention of the directors of
and presidents of athletic assignations
in the woman's colleges held with the
Smith College Association, Friday, and